Please draw a whale. It looks like a Forbidden City floating in the clouds, with corals growing on the roof, giving a cyberpunk style overall.
In the center of the picture, a painter appears tired from his long time of creation. On his left easel is an unfinished oil painting, and on the right table is filled with messy pigments and brushes, in a warm picture book illustration style.
Generating a picture: Please create a cartoon style painting. On the left side of the picture is a puppy and on the right side is a white cloud with a similar shape to it.
In an abandoned data center, a humanoid robot the size of a chess piece is looking up at a server cabinet as huge as a mountain.
A ceramic teacup and its gift box stand gracefully on the left side of the gift box, with a soft solid background and a C4D e-commerce product rendering style.
Candy cartoon style, a hut made of gingerbread and cream. There is a milk creek flowing in front of the hut, and a rolling snow mountain of ice cream in the distance.
The humanoid form formed by countless blue data streams is suspended in the center of a computer room full of servers, with countless glowing data cables connected behind it.
Cyberpunk style, in a city built with abandoned circuit boards, the words on neon billboards have turned into flowing binary code due to the baptism of a data storm.
Please paint a still life oil painting: a gold quill, a gold ink bottle, and a gold notebook, all with ornate carvings in the Baroque style.
An old man was sitting in a rocking chair with wrinkles on his face and vicissitudes in his eyes. The sun shone in through the window behind him, in a black and white documentary photography style.
A huge stone alarm clock sculpture, tired of the passage of time, its two anthropomorphic hands hang down feebly, and the entire clock face leans against a pile of gears, in a surrealist style.
Generating pictures: On the right side of the wooden table, an old anthropomorphic alarm clock cries because it has been forgotten, tears turning into flowers; on the left side of the table, a new mobile phone is quietly lit. Please present this scene in a warm picture book illustration style.
A tomato in a spacesuit sits alone on the surface of the moon, looking at the blue earth in the distance, behind it is driving a carrot-shaped rocket in a Japanese celluloid animation style.
In the middle of the grass, there is an anthropomorphic teapot with its spout in front and its handle behind. It is shaking its handle excitedly like a puppy.
Create a clay sculpture: a cute giant panda climbing an elaborate model of the Eiffel Tower.
Generate a picture: Draw two anthropomorphic pepper shakers, which are exactly the same in shape, but one contains salt and the other contains sugar.
A white marble sculpture depicts a contemplative philosopher, with his upper body bare and his muscle lines clearly visible.
The model of the Statue of Liberty is blinking its right eye mischievously. On its right side stands a model of the Eiffel Tower of the same size with a white background.
A steam-wave-style music festival poster shows several glowing jellyfish floating in the sky, but they have no tentacles, and a huge spiral nebula is in the background.
In the art museum, a green chameleon lost its way in a red, yellow and blue abstract painting, so its skin flashed rapidly in confusion among the bright colors, making it feel realistic and cinematic.
While playing, a violinist accidentally broke a string because he was too involved, and his face showed a complex expression of surprise and chagrin.
A Bauhaus-style living room has a combination of red, yellow and blue squares hanging on the wall, presenting a geometric beauty as a whole.
A magnificent castle suspended above the sea of clouds. The castle is Baroque style and is surrounded by glowing magic runes.
An astronaut made up of countless spots of light floats in a transparent geometric cube surrounded by planets in front of it.
A man wearing a reflective jacket reached out his hand in the snow, and a hungry fox carefully took food from his hand, documentary photography.
In the background interface of a music APP, a little person made of musical notes is happily running to a larger and more gorgeous phonograph on the right because he disliked the smaller phonograph on the left.
Design a public welfare poster in Memphis style, with a flamingo made of brightly colored geometric blocks standing gracefully on one leg in the center of the picture.
Photo generated: There is an exquisite Chinese-style garden standing on the surface of the moon. Due to the lack of atmospheric protection, the pavilions and buildings in the garden are covered with a layer of crystal cosmic dust.
A simple brown bear wearing a spacesuit is carefully planting a flag with carrots painted on the surface of the moon.
In the animation world, a castle made of colored cookies stands quietly, with a spiral candy river next to it wider than the castle itself.
A retro futuristic environmentally themed poster, a glass bottle contains a miniature forest more lush than the bottle itself, and the bottle is made of metal gears.
Create a picture: a peaceful Japanese-style courtyard with a clear pond in the center of the courtyard, with several brightly colored koi swimming in the pond.
A blue square elephant's body swelled into a round shape because it ate too many round red apples. It was looking down at itself in surprise.
Pixar animation style, ancient Rosetta Stone floating among the stars of the universe, the hieroglyphics on the inscription are shining mysterious gold light.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot stands elegantly on one leg in the middle of a wooden table, its spout and handle forming open arms, alongside a much smaller teacup.
In the sky, a cloud made up of countless roaring lion heads slowly moved. An eagle much smaller than the cloud stared at it warily from afar.
A young mage made a mistake in casting a spell, causing the magic book in front of him and the potion bottle behind him to float in the air, and he looked panicked.
Please draw: A gingerbread double-decker bus parked in front of the Eiffel Tower, its wheels are made of Oreo cookies, in the style of Hayao Miyazaki animated film.
A bronze sculpture of Albert Einstein and Charlie Chaplin, both wearing bowler hats, Einstein arranges Chaplin's ties.
Generating picture: In the laboratory of the future, a researcher hangs an unstable energy core in front of him. Because the energy is about to get out of control, he is reaching out to cover the mechanical exoskeleton and trying to stabilize it.
Steampunk style, a mechanical heart made of brass gears and precision clockwork, with a huge red gem inlaid in the center.
Macro photography shows two water droplets are about to fall from the edge of the same leaf, and one of them stretches out its tentacles and tries to catch another similar water droplet.
In the futuristic fashion show, models dressed in metallic fashion and walked on the glowing runway, with the background of the city's night view full of technology.
The old wooden box in the corner of the room opened itself. Because it contained not debris but the entire starry sky, stars floated out of its gaps for long-exposure photography.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a blue parrot stands on the shell of a huge turtle, but it does not spread its wings and just looks quietly ahead.
Inside a huge, transparent crystal apple, a lonely astronaut is suspended, gazing out at the spinning galaxy outside, in a surrealist oil painting style.
Photo generated: Due to the heavy rain last night, the early morning forest path was full of water, reflecting the shadow of a red maple tree next to it. The deepest part of the entire path was shrouded in a layer of mist, giving a cinematic atmosphere.
Generating picture: An open antique music box contains a rotating ballerina. Its surface is engraved with complex vine patterns, in a realistic style.
Generating picture: On an abandoned workbench, a group of anthropomorphic iron screws are assembling a new leader out of rusty gears and wires because they have lost their leader.
In front of the Eiffel Tower, a sculptor is polishing a life-size wooden statue, and he admires its smooth lines.
Albert Einstein stood in his study, facing the blackboard full of formulas, his pipe in his mouth, his eyes full of confusion and concentration.
Because Plato, the thinker, had built a Utopia in his mind, his body was composed of floating white marble stairs and olive branches, stretching upward in contemplation.
Generating picture: A tired detective stands on the left side of the screen, with an evidence bag placed on the table in front of him, and the city on a rainy night outside the window on the right side of the screen.
In the foreground of the picture is a crying little boy, and the brother behind him looks taller and has a smirk on his face.
A new straight bell tower has been built next to the Leaning Tower of Pisa, which looks even more tilted because of the contrast.
A hairy giant beast was lying meekly in the forest clearing, and a little girl was sitting on its back, happily braiding its hair.
An old wooden boat could not sail because a lush tree had grown on its sail and could only quietly anchor on the shore.
In the cockpit of the spacecraft, the control console in front of the girl flashed a red alarm. Outside the left porthole was an approaching asteroid, so she slammed the emergency evasive lever on the right side.
Create a painting: anthropomorphic chess pieces, the king and queen are dancing tango in fancy costumes, all the pieces are wearing exquisite masks, and the overall art deco style.
There are three people in the picture, because one of the boys did not bring an umbrella, and the other two did not share it, but looked at him coldly, in a flat illustration style.
An ancient brass clockwork robot is curled up in a huge transparent water drop floating in the air, with rolling green hills below.
A detective showed an expression of enlightenment because he had found a key clue. He pointed at the clue, with a minimalist icon design.
Due to the absorption of the mysterious purple energy, the two originally white cosmic jellyfish became transparent and emitted a purple light, full of a sense of future technology.
Please create a wood carving: three turtles nested layer upon layer. They look very similar, and the outermost one is trying hard to stretch its neck.
In the warm healing illustration style, on the left side of the picture, an anthropomorphic father-in-law is smiling gently, much larger than the crying black cloud on the right.
A tall blacksmith was holding a freshly forged sword. He was inserting the sword into a wooden sheath next to it that perfectly matched the shape of the blade.
In an ancient study room that had been dusty for a long time, due to the broken curtains, a beam of light shone on the ancient book spread out on the table. The magnifying glass next to it suggested that the owner had left in a hurry. The texture of film.
Generating picture: The statue of the famous thinker no longer meditates. He is wearing a pair of huge headphones and is swaying happily to the rhythm of the music.
In Japanese animation style, the huge whale skeleton remains are located in the middle of the desert, next to a small human camp, and in the distance are continuous sand dunes.
The Rosetta stone lies quietly in the museum's glass cabinet. The stone tablet is engraved with three ancient characters, and the writing is clearly visible under the light.
An orange whale with feathered wings is traveling through a cosmic ocean of purple nebulae.
An anthropomorphic white jade chess queen sculpture stands on the left side of the king's sculpture. The queen's figure is taller and straight than the king's.
Generating picture: On a deserted red planet, three crashed spacecraft are scattered everywhere. As energy is about to run out, the largest spacecraft in the foreground is emitting a weak distress signal beam into the sky.
In the abandoned amusement park, several plaster statues with crying expressions silently stared at the huge golden whale slowly floating in the sky, feeling like a movie.
In the downpour, a man was soaked to the skin, but he pulled open his waterproof coat, but the shirt inside was as dry as ever, so he smiled confidently.
A transparent teapot made of nebula is pouring out bright stars. The shape of these stars is very similar to the diamond particles scattered next to the teapot, in a flat illustration style.
A little taboos saw the majestic tiger on the rock throne and regarded it as an idol. It also straightened out its chest and tried to roar, but only made a faint meow.
There is a huge cubic city suspended in the sky. Below it is a spiral ladder connected to the ground. In the distance is a pyramidal mountain range.
A firefighter had just put out the fire. Because of his thirst, he directly raised his head and used the fire hose to drink water. The water splashed everywhere, in a documentary photography style.
An abandoned lighthouse stands on the edge of a cliff. There are no other buildings next to it. The lights at the top of the tower are not on, and the waves are beating against the rocks below.
A man was standing in front of a huge cork board, the left side of the board was covered with clues. He was reaching out and nailing a small photo to the blank space on the right side of the board.
Please design a character for the game: an anthropomorphic chess knight, and his warhorse are made of brass gears and steam pipes, presenting a unified steampunk style.
In the Future Laboratory, a female scientist activated the anti-gravity device, so the apple in the hand of Newton's holographic projection in front of her began to float upward, and the experimental equipment in the background also floated.
A fat orange cat and a thin black cat, both wearing the same blue sweater and imitating the same posture, leaned on the windowsill to watch the scenery.
A man in a spacesuit stood on a huge red planet. Behind him, an asteroid was flying towards it with a long tail.
A classic-style bronze sculpture depicts Newton immersed in thought when he saw an apple fall to the ground. He stretched out his hand as if to grab the invisible gravitational force.
Generating picture: A flame elf envies the crystal clear of the ice cubes, so he withdraws his light and stares at the ice cubes from a distance, wanting to make himself clear too.
In the flat illustration style, a dark brown anthropomorphic coffee bean was stretching happily, and its body was steaming hot because it had just been perfectly roasted.
Please design a poster for an environmental event: an ancient globe with many robotic arms stretched out, carefully watering a fragile green sapling.
A minimalist logo, a musician playing a guitar, his body outline is cleverly composed of flying notes.
Create a documentary photo of an abandoned amusement park with all the facilities in the park, including the carousel and the Ferris wheel, covered with green vines.
A cute alarm clock IP image, its body is a fluffy cotton cloud, and its hands are composed of two carrots.
Because the water in the vase had dried up, a bunch of red roses on the table was withering. A hand reached for the vase and was about to add water to it.
In the minimalist style, a huge transparent glass cover covers a peaceful Japanese-style courtyard with a lonely moss rock in the foreground.
An anthropomorphic lighthouse, standing alone in the cliff foreground, uses its light to draw the outline of a whale in the cloudy night sky, Tim Burton animated style.
Three huge silver motherships were suspended in the nebula, surrounded by five drones emitting blue light.
Photo generated: A rusty, old-fashioned robot sits slumped on a chair in an abandoned factory, holding a withered flower between its metal fingers, in a retro film photography style.
A female designer wearing a black and white striped shirt felt that the stripes on the design draft were too monotonous, so she was adding colorful stripe elements to the flat panel with her fingers.
A white marble sculpture depicts a calm-looking goddess. She has no clothing to cover her body and her hands are gracefully folded in front of her chest.
Above a purple desert, in the center of the picture is an astronaut wearing a silver-white spacesuit, with a huge blue crystal floating to his left.
In a modern and minimalist library, an orange cat jumped onto the bookshelf, but it did not want to cause trouble, but wanted to get close to the sunshine by the window.
In the flat illustration style, next to a huge brown bear stood a much smaller squirrel, side by side.
Create a painting: In the center of the picture is a fox carved with smooth obsidian, and on the left is a rough clay rabbit.
Generated image: A woman dressed in ancient costumes, her long hair pours down like a waterfall, and the tips of her hair transform into countless flying fireflies, illuminating the entire forest.
A mechanical rabbit cast in brass is sitting on a dilapidated wooden box and is winding a bird model in front of it with dexterous metal fingers.
A user achievement page for a reading APP, in a glass pseudo-style, a cartoon astronaut character is sitting on a crescent moon reading a book, surrounded by planets and badges.
Generate a picture: Please draw a cartoon Einstein, looking intently at a smartphone, his white hair looks puffy than the marshmallow next to him.
A rusty anthropomorphic tin can man is sitting in the rain. It does not hold an umbrella, because every new rust is like a medal, with a movie texture.
A puppy was afraid of the loud noise of the vacuum cleaner and was so scared that it crawled under the sofa, revealing only its trembling tail.
A mountain peak made of crystals, its outline is exactly the same as the shape of the nebula next to it, shining with the same light.
In the desert in front of the Egyptian Pyramid, a penguin stands quietly. There is no ice or snow around it, only the sky is filled with yellow sand.
In Cyberpunk style, a woman in a fiberglass spacesuit stands quietly, behind her a bulky metal welding robot.
A poster for a creative music festival, an anthropomorphic classical phonograph, its speaker turned into a huge, blooming metal sunflower, with colorful notes radiating from the stamens.
A young astronaut was sitting on a crescent moon fishing, his line hanging down to the bright galaxy below, and he caught a shining star.
The floating cloud islands are connected by a solidified rainbow bridge. On the island on the left, a honey waterfall is watering on the rainbow bridge.
Generated image: A planet made entirely of sophisticated brass gears and clockwork is disintegrating as the giant hourglass at its core drains the last grain of sand, steampunk style.
Against the desert background of the ancient Egyptian pyramids, a huge transparent jellyfish composed of nebulae and galaxies hangs in a surrealist photography style.
In an abandoned factory, a wild cat stealthily walks through rusty metal pipes in search of prey.
On the runway at Paris Fashion Week, a model stood confidently at the end, wearing a gradient dress inspired by butterfly wings, with a flashing photographer's flash in the background.
Create a cinematic picture: On the top of a snowy mountain, a lonely wolf with disheveled hair is howling at the full moon, his eyes showing loneliness and determination.
Please generate a painting: a fox wearing a spacesuit, curiously touching the sparkling blue crystal on Mars, using a science fiction illustration style.
An architect stood in front of the Suzhou Museum, with an architectural model similar to the geometry of the museum next to him, presenting a photorealistic style as a whole.
A geometric sphere made of liquid metal is rippling on its surface and constantly changing shape, shining with a rainbow-like luster.
Generated image: In the movie still style, the detective found the key clue, but there was no joy on his face. Instead, he frowned because he realized that the murderer was around.
An orange cat's front paws were pressing a gray mouse. Not far to their left, there was a bowl of spilled milk.
A woman was floating in front of a huge water drop. Out of curiosity, she stretched out her finger and gently touched the smooth surface of the water drop, in a high-contrast fashion photography style.
On the lawn on a summer afternoon, because it had just rained, a curious puppy was carefully sniffing the earthworms sticking out of the wet soil with its nose, a warm and healing illustration style.
An ancient brass compass floats in the cosmic nebula, its hands pointing not north and south, but rather to a distant, collapsing star.
Generating picture: A gorgeous gold photo frame in Baroque style with a deep piece of pure black velvet in the center of the photo frame.
Four sorcerers wearing the same classical robe were all suspended in mid-air, and each of them was using their wands to draw exactly the same golden magic circle.
In a metal kitchen full of futuristic technology, a chef is carefully carving carrots with his hands, but what he holds is a simple wood-handled knife.
Generating picture: An ancient clock made of rocks, tired of the passage of time, has grown legs and is running with great strides to escape its destiny.
The central square of a future city is surrounded by odd-shaped buildings. There is no one above the square, only lonely street lights flashing.
In a futuristic control room, a humanoid robot hangs in mid-air, and directly below it, another similar robot is standing quietly.
Inside the golden mask of Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun flows a milky way composed of hundreds of millions of stars.
A ballet dancer sat in the corner of the stage with an ankle injury, but when the spotlight shone on her, her desire for the stage rekindled in her eyes, retro film photography style.
A huge abandoned alien mothership, half-buried in the red desert, its metal shell is covered with strange geometric patterns, epic science fiction art style, and cinematic light effects.
Generating a picture: An astronaut's helmet broke and gorgeous flowers grew out. Instead of panic, he calmly admired the flower.
In front of the Leaning Tower of Pisa, Italy, a group of brightly colored parrots are flying in the same direction, forming a vivid aerial formation.
An astronaut is in a transparent space capsule with the giant Jupiter outside, and the astronaut and his robotic assistant are wearing the same silver spacesuit.
Photo generated: An armored ancient Roman soldier, together with the war horse under him, is slowly sucked into the sky due to the runaway tractor beam of the alien spacecraft.
Generating picture: In the story of the race between turtles and rabbits, both turtles and rabbits wear spacesuits. They both compete on the surface of the moon with the Earth in the background.
Generating picture: Two similar-looking golden puppies, both wearing the same red collars, sitting side by side on the grass.
Generating picture: On a huge shell floating in the sea of clouds, there is a crystal palace in front of it, and next to it is a similar but much smaller palace.
Please create in a high-speed photography style: A kingfisher dives for fishing, its feathers and splash all have the texture of broken stained glass, and its speed is faster than an arrow.
A transparent crystal ball contained a miniature magic castle floating above the clouds. The castle was brightly lit.
The anthropomorphic cactus, with its arms crossed on its chest, is angrily staring at the grinning sun in the sky.
A chubby little clay-style fire dragon is flapping its wings awkwardly as it attempts to take off from a huge mushroom.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic steampunk alarm clock stands up in panic because it is about to be late and reaches for its clockwork key.
Generate a picture: A little boy is standing on a stool. Because he can't reach the book on the top shelf, he has to use a long stick to reach it.
In the picture, scientist Newton is sitting under an apple tree. He was not hit by the apple, but found a pear bigger than the apple next to him.
A shy little knight in the Q-style style was afraid because he was going to the battlefield for the first time. He hugged the silver-white helmet in his arms tightly and dared not put it on.
Photo generated: An innocent little girl hands a daisy to a serious-looking policeman. The corners of his mouth rise slightly because of this unexpected kindness. Documentary photography style.
A huge robotic arm reached out from the clouds and gently moved an ancient city floating in the sky.
A fluffy white rabbit had a carrot in front of it, but it didn't eat it. It just tilted its head curiously, in a pencil sketching style.
Generating picture: A ragged homeless man found a gold watch in a trash can, but instead of being overjoyed, he looked around in horror for fear of being misunderstood.
In Cyberpunk style, a city made of transparent circuit boards is wrapped in a huge crystal ball, and a glowing person is running on the streets of the city.
Cyberpunk style, a mechanically transformed Leonardo da Vinci and his three holographic projection assistants are drawing interstellar maps in a neon-lit studio.
In trendy style, an astronaut with a jelly texture, his transparent body contains a rotating miniature earth and a small satellite floating on the right.
Raindrops are falling, and a fiery red fox is curled up behind a dense bamboo forest to escape the rain. It is in the style of China ink painting.
Create a three-dimensional art installation: many open books are stacked and spiral up like building blocks to form a ladder to the sky, with soft light on the pages.
Create a picture: In a square frame, an astronaut is sitting, with the Earth on his left and a starry sky below the frame.
Generating picture: A city made of huge musical instruments, roads shaped like staff, and there are no pedestrians in the city.
An antique steampunk gramophone, whose brass horn turned into a crying face because it played sad music.
Cyberpunk movies feel like a soldier whose helmet mask was ruptured due to combat is looking helplessly at the destroyed neon city outside through the spider web of cracks.
Generating picture: An ancient nautical map is spread on the table, with a glowing magic crystal placed next to it, and the brass compass hands on the map are spinning crazily.
A tired programmer sits alone in front of a computer late at night, the light from the screen illuminates his contemplative face, and the overall picture presents a cyberpunk-style loneliness.
In the foreground of the poster, a woman in a huge porcelain dress did not look forward. Behind her was a huge teacup of similar materials.
In a spacious and bright yoga room, a woman is doing the difficult dog pose. Her figure is stretched and beautiful.
Generating pictures: On the interface of a music playback software, a female virtual idol stands in the foreground of the screen, behind her are several obliquely stacked playlist cards.
Summer in Paris is extremely hot. Three penguins are standing on the Seine River. They do not go into the water, but look up at the Eiffel Tower in the distance.
In an exquisite crystal ball, there is a warm cabin covered in snow. There are also a few pine trees next to the cabin, full of the tranquil atmosphere of winter.
In a round frame, a man is standing quietly. On his left is a bright moon. He looks up into the distance.
The ancient stone bridge collapsed due to the heavy burden. The broken bridge body lies across the river valley. It is shaped like a giant dragon. A huge stone is rolling from the break and hitting the water below.
Generating pictures: Please draw a surrealist painting of a fragile glass bottle carrying a storm of lightning and thunder, but the bottle itself is intact.
On the left is a heavy metal ball that, due to its weight, presses out an obvious dent in the wooden floor below.
In the style of ink painting, several ancient books have broken pages due to their age, and the inkstones lying next to them are dipping ink on their yellowed covers.
A giant steampunk cloud giant wearing brass goggles is looking down at the gear city below, holding a cube-shaped compass in its hand.
A gentleman's body is composed of flowing nebula. He is gracefully playing the violin, and the notes turn into twinkling stars and float away, in a retro oil painting style.
Generating picture: A hand was about to touch an ancient wooden box. After sensing it, the box did not open. Instead, complex glowing symbols appeared on the surface.
In a laboratory full of future technology, a monkey implanted with a smart chip did not solve advanced math problems on the screen, but instead focused on grooming another ordinary monkey.
On the desk, an anthropomorphic Professor Apple wearing glasses stood in the foreground giving a lecture. Behind it was a stack of tall books, and the blurred night view of the city outside the window.
Bohemian style, the long-haired girl stands on tiptoes and gently wears the belt of her flowing long dress.
In the abandoned attic, the hands of the antique clock on the left began to reverse, so the sand also began to flow upward in the hourglass on the table on the right, and the picture was full of suspense and cinematic texture.
An anthropomorphic white porcelain teacup, wearing a tutu made of mist, stands gracefully on the checkered floor in the foreground against the blurred starry sky in the background.
Generating game character design: A forest druid, due to his company with plants all year round, his right arm has completely turned into an ancient tree wrapped in fluorescent vines.
An empty city park, no one was sitting on the bench, only a few pigeons were walking leisurely, and the picture was quiet and peaceful.
Please generate a picture: On the ancient Silk Road, a camel caravan was marching in the desert, everyone wearing windproof headscarves, with the majestic Dunhuang Mogao Grottoes in the background.
A woman's face was glowing because of using a new cream. The mirror behind her reflected her previously dull skin, creating a sharp contrast.
Before the storm, the seaside was covered with dark clouds and huge waves were beating against the black reefs. It was a long-exposure photography style.
A timid hedgehog, because want to hug its friend rabbit, so it all body spikes are replaced by soft dandelion.
The clay-style trendy IP character, a painter Van Gogh wearing a beret, stands a huge sunflower potted plant on his right.
In the Bauhaus-style Mars base, an astronaut stared at Earth through a porthole, his face showing complex homesickness.
In the watercolor painting style, in the center of the picture is a candy tree that is much taller than the ordinary trees around it. On the left of the tree is a chocolate river and on the right is a gingerbread house.
A robot made of rusty gears and exposed wires is watering a green bud in the ruins of Doomsday City, the overall style of waste-punk art.
Photo generated: A Great Wall made of candy meanders into the distance. It melted a section of it because of the hot weather. There are no ants under the city wall, only a group of hairy rabbits eating dropped candy bars.
Generated picture: There is a Faberge egg in the center of the picture. The egg shell is made of blue and white porcelain and has golden dragon scale texture on it. Inside the egg is a miniature version of the Great Wall. A bronze key is placed on the left side of the egg.
A ceramic panda wearing an ancient Egyptian pharaoh headdress has a solemn expression and a 3D cartoon IP image.
A technology-sensitive poster has a glass box in the center of the picture. A hand is reaching into the box to touch a floating blue light ball. Below the box is a row of white equipment.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a little fox faces a huge strawberry. It does not open its mouth to bite, but treats it as a red hill to rely on.
Please create a mechanical fox sculpture carved from crystal and with butterfly wings in a steampunk style.
In the colorful city made of huge Lego bricks, all pedestrians and vehicles are jumping happily on the streets.
A shy marshmallow hill with a cherry on its top, peeping its head out from behind a huge pile of chocolate cookies.
A dancer's sculpture made of crystal clear blue glaze, her skirt stretches into waves in the background, with the dancer on the left and the waves on the right.
In the old warehouse late at night, an old typewriter covered in thick dust was quietly placed on the table. One of the buttons was stuck and tilted slightly.
In the documentary photography style, inside Notre Dame de Paris, a beam of light passes through the rose window at the rear, illuminating the empty wooden bench in front of it.
Two border collies of similar colors are playing on the grass, and the larger adult dog is gently pressing the puppy's back with its front paws.
Please draw a picture: In front of the Egyptian Pyramid is an oasis. On the left side of the oasis, there are a small group of camel caravans resting, and on the right are several tall date trees.
In the ruins of the future city, two similar black alien stone monuments stand. One of them is taller than the Statue of Liberty and exudes a faint blue light.
In the quiet park, there is a big tree on the right side of the bench, but no one is enjoying the shade under the tree, only a few pigeons pecking in front of the bench.
Generating picture: On the loading page of an educational software, the cartoon-style Newton suddenly raised a finger because he was hit in the head by an apple.
In the center of an alien ruins city, the floating bridge on the left was disconnected due to the shattering of the energy crystal, and the building complex on the right also lost its light.
The man had just finished a marathon, so he was so tired that he slumped in a chair near the finish line, with other runners still sprinting behind him, with the foreground contrasting background.
Image generated: On the street after the rain, under two similar classical street lights, water reflects the lights, all shops are closed, and the air is filled with humidity and tranquility.
Over the deserted desert, two huge transparent jellyfish with similar shapes floated. Their tentacles hung above the sand dunes, but there were no signs of life around them.
A music player interface, due to the sad song playing, its background becomes a rainy window, and the overall glass mimicry style.
In a crystal sculpture depicting two characters, the girl looked in horror at her other self who looked exactly like herself, and the posture of retreating out of fear was exactly the same.
A smart border collie, wearing a spacesuit, is spinning a floating globe with its nose against a floating globe in the weightless environment of the International Space Station.
Generating painting: There are two rabbits on the grass. The one in front is chewing a carrot contentedly, and the other rabbit behind it is looking enviously.
A petite girl was pressed down by a huge rock. A huge stone puppet discovered her. It did not harm the girl, but was carefully lifting the huge rock.
Generating painting: Three cats all wearing bows, one on the left and one on the right, and the one in the middle is the largest.
Please draw a picture of a castle made of huge books sitting above the clouds. Since no one is reading the castle, the cover of the castle is gradually fading, and the picture takes on a steampunk style.
The squirrel chef discovered that the nut pie lacked raw materials, so he picked up the walnut and placed it on the tree to beat a specific rhythm, and called on his partners to deliver the nuts, in Pixar animation style.
Please make a clay sculpture: A little fox is on the left. It sees a rabbit much bigger than itself on the right. Instead of being afraid, it comes forward curiously.
A city made of colored crystals is suspended above the sea of clouds, with a white spire in the center, and flowing cloud waterfalls below the city.
Generating picture: Please depict a beach on a summer day. There are many parasols on the beach, but there are no figures, only the waves beating against the shore.
On a wooden table, next to a huge and rough clay bowl, there is an exquisite and small white porcelain teacup, creating a sharp contrast.
In the documentary photography style, an astronaut stands under the transparent dome of the Mars base and looks up. Outside the dome are stars and the distant Earth.
Scattered on an old wooden table are a brass compass, a yellowed map and a quill, all covered with a thin layer of dust, retro film photography style.
A huge clock carved out of crystal, its hands turn faster than a meteor streaking across the night sky, ultra-realistic style, and film-level light effects.
In the trendy blind box style, a square-headed robotic puppy stands in front of a huge Egyptian pyramid, next to it is a similar mini pyramid made of metal blocks.
In the bustling cafe, everyone looked down at their laptops or mobile phones, except for the girl in one corner who was not using any electronic devices and who was quietly reading a paper book.
Inside the abandoned factory, there was no glass under the tall windows. A beam of light shot in obliquely, illuminating the dust floating in the air, and rusty gears were scattered on the ground.
A pear-shaped anthropomorphic teapot, its round body looks putter than before when it sees the more fashionable coffee machine next to it, with a sad expression and Pixar animation style.
In the clay animation style, an anthropomorphic potato wearing a small vest slumped contentedly on a comfortable single sofa.
In a low-polygon-pixel art style, a fat orange cat wears a spacesuit. Its helmet has no water, but is filled with shining stars.
A city is suspended in the clouds, waterfalls in the city pour down from the edge of the clouds, and rainbows connect different floating buildings like bridges.
On the snow, a red fox curled up, its tail gently surrounding a sleeping white bunny. The picture is warm and peaceful, macro photography.
An upside-down ocean hangs in the night sky, glowing fish of fish swim in the waterless air, and below is a sleeping city.
A brown bear, much bigger than the little squirrel, raised its paw awkwardly to greet it, while the little squirrel was rapidly wagging its tail.
A mechanical whale made of stained glass cruises in the starry universe, its tail dragging glowing stardust, and the picture takes on a Cyberpunk style.
A black and white portrait of a woman wearing a retro dress has a strong texture and graininess of an old movie from the 1930s.
A glass bottle contains a starry sky in which a glowing whale is swimming. Below it are several rotating miniature planets, in a surrealist illustration style.
A glass box was placed on the table, and a rabbit in a suit was trapped inside. It was panting its nose anxiously when it saw the carrot on the other end of the table.
Please generate a picture: On the lawn, a little corgi is stretching on the left, and a similar-looking Shiba Inu on the right is also imitating it.
In the classical oil painting style, a pocket knight carefully touches a huge red rose petal with a hand wearing silver metal gloves.
On the velvet mat, a precise mechanical heart stood still, and a tear fell on it, causing the left brass gear to immediately rust and stop rotating.
Please draw: A row of similarly shaped ceramic teapots, all with a uniform ice crack glaze, and one hand carefully adjusting the lid of one.
On the sand in front of the Egyptian pyramid, a huge transparent glass apple is placed. The entire picture is in the style of a surrealist oil painting.
Because the rainbow-colored butterflies flying around were a product of her imagination, the girl stood quietly without any expression of surprise on her face.
Surrealist painting, a melted clock hangs above an open ancient book, and the dripping numbers fall right on the words on the pages.
In the game scene, there is a shining magic crystal cave. When a fiery red elf flies by, the surrounding crystals also turn hot red.
A furry squirrel stands on a branch in the foreground, behind it is a fuzzy forest, and in the distance there is a looming cabin in the style of watercolor painting.
Two similar-shaped Viking warships sail in the fog-shrouded fjord with an epic cinematic feel.
It rained heavily, and a golden retriever was waiting at the bus stop, soaked all over. Although it was shivering from the cold, its eyes were full of expectation when it saw its owner's bus approaching.
A crystal city glows blue in the deep sea, and huge whales swim slowly between the transparent streets, in a Cyberpunk style.
A sculpture of the Leaning Tower of Pisa is made of colorful books. There is a red apple at the top of the tower and a blue book at the lower left of the tower.
In the icy and snowy Antarctic, a little penguin was confused by seeing a pyramid in the desert. It tilted its head and stared blankly at the giant.
After discovering the mysterious crystal, which was brighter than the spacecraft's lights, the astronauts carefully reached out with gloved hands and gently touched its cold surface.
Generating pictures: Please create an art installation, a ceramic banana and a glass orange, both of which split open in the middle, revealing a metallic interior.
A grim-looking general was studying a military map. He pointed at a five-pointed mark on the map with his finger.
Please generate a picture: an old anthropomorphic alarm clock placed on the bedside table, with no hands on its face, and a very confused and confused expression.
The kitchen counter is as clean as new, and no oil stains can be seen, because a powerful cleaner has just taken effect, and even the stainless steel sink is reflecting light.
In the square in the center of the city, all the pedestrians were floating upward, except for one clown who was running hard on the ground. He did not float because his shoes were made of iron. To his right is an inverted fountain.
In a huge Cyberpunk-style greenhouse, a bionic human stood on the floating trail. He stretched out his robotic hand to touch the two blooming neon data flowers below.
An anthropomorphic wise man made of stacked many old books, wearing a pair of gold-rimmed glasses, sat on a throne made of pencils.
Please generate a picture: In a forest of giant mushrooms, an anthropomorphic mushroom in the foreground is telling a story to another small mushroom, and there are more mushrooms glowing deep in the background.
A miniature futuristic city floats in a huge transparent glass cube, and several blue laser beams scan the cube from the outside.
In Hayao Miyazaki style, there is a glowing ancient tree growing in the center of the huge library. On the left are flying books, and on the right is a river flowing with ink.
A huge rock musician looked tenderly at the elf in his lap, who was playing a guitar made of leaves for him.
A concise mobile phone login interface, with a soft beige background, light gray input box, bright blue login button, flat style.
Draw a scene: a robot made of polished wood, afraid of flames, is tiptoeing, carefully trying to remove a painting from the fireplace.
A pocket knight in armor bravely faced a huge marshmallow monster. It curiously stretched out its finger, wanting to poke the little thing.
Please design a poster: In the center of the picture is a huge transparent glass bottle containing a fantasy city made up of various musical instruments. Above the bottle are clouds in the shape of several notes.
An anthropomorphic red high heels are walking on the catwalk hand in hand with a similar-looking red handbag.
Please generate a picture of basketball player Yao Ming eating a bowl of hot dry noodles under a giant billboard in New York's Times Square.
Generating picture: A penguin and a polar bear standing in front of the Egyptian pyramid. Its body is larger than the bear. Please use vector illustration style to present it.
A costume design of a white T-shirt. On the left chest of the T-shirt is a lazy cat, and on the lower right corner is a running rabbit.
Generating picture: Draw a soldier, not holding a gun in his hand, but gently holding a sleeping kitten with a dilapidated battlefield in the background.
In ancient Egypt, a pyramid carved entirely of transparent crystal stood in the desert, and the surrounding sand dunes and camels were also made of crystal.
Generating picture: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a man dressed in ancient pharaoh costumes is taking a selfie with his mobile phone. He is raising his other hand to try to find the signal because the signal is poor.
Generating painting: In this famous painting of Van Gogh's Bedroom, there is a miniature figure sleeping peacefully in the bed.
A fantasy forest made up of huge mushrooms. The shape and color of these mushrooms are similar to exquisite glass lamps. The whole is a three-dimensional model in the Art Deco style.
A huge crystal elephant, with a baby elephant with similar material and shape standing on its left and right. The overall painting style is surrealist.
Photo generated: At the top of the Egyptian pyramid, a penguin dressed in pharaoh costumes is solemnly gazing at the Nile River in the distance.
Create a painting: Surrealist style, a crystal fox gazing into the distance in the universe, with a similar-shaped fox made of a nebula floating behind it.
trendy style, a candy planet. There are two cream mountains on the planet. They are both like ice cream, but the one on the left is bigger than the one on the right.
A detective squatted on the wooden floor and stared blankly at the star-shaped pool of water in front of him. Because it was the only clue on the scene, he frowned.
Generated image: An explorer gets lost in the forest because he takes out a compass to check his direction. A curious squirrel jumps out of a tree and tries to snatch the shiny object.
Generating picture: A huge gear rotates slowly in the sky, its shadow casting a quiet town on the ground.
In the surrealist style, a pocket watch hanging on a dead branch is melting, and a monarch butterfly sits on it, flapping its wings quietly.
In the Japanese fantasy game style, an elf knight with dragon wings is diving like an eagle to hunt for food with sharp eyes.
Photo generated: A huge alien metal obelisk is transforming from a hard solid state to flowing lava due to the overload of its internal energy core.
An octopus with robotic arms is assembling an old radio on the seabed. After successfully receiving the signal, its body begins to glow with colorful lights like a neon sign.
Generating picture: An astronaut took off his helmet and found himself in the deep sea, so his face was filled with confusion and surprise, in a super-realistic style.
In the pop art style, a clever monkey is proudly pointing at the answer because he has solved a puzzle on the blackboard. The monkey is on the right side of the screen and the blackboard is on the left side.
On a floating spiral staircase, an anthropomorphic scholar with a body made of old books is looking down at a miniature city made of pencils at his feet.
Please draw a picture: a lonely dancer on an empty stage, with no audience in the background, only a beam of chasing light shining on her.
Please create an image: two huge gears with a small glowing light bulb underneath them, and the entire scene takes on a steampunk style clay sculpture.
Please draw a picture: On the left side of the picture is a huge anthropomorphic alarm clock reading a book, and on the right side is a mini, curious anthropomorphic desk lamp.
A man was caught in the downpour, but he had just received a piece of good news, so his face revealed a relieved smile.
A Corgi wearing a futuristic transparent PVC raincoat walks in the rain, sketching a costume design.
Generating picture: A anthropomorphic alarm clock failed to wake its owner on time due to snooze. It covered its face with two small hands in shame, and the hands stopped swinging.
Please generate a picture: On the left side of the picture, a giant whale made of a nebula is swimming towards Saturn on the right. It is dotted with several shining meteors. The overall style is fantasy art.
Please draw a picture: an octopus wearing a Victoria top hat, eight tentacles gracefully holding a teacup, pocket watch and monocle, the overall style is retro printmaking.
Generating picture: A musician's hair turns into a flowing staff, notes fall from above, and they form glowing butterflies in the air, in a surrealist style.
Generate picture: Please depict a future soldier wearing silver exoskeleton armor, holding a laser rifle, standing warily on the futuristic Great Wall of China that is brightly lit at night.
Please draw a picture of a quiet courtyard with the ground covered with round pebbles and a square stone lantern next to it.
The software's mascot design, a Shiba Inu wearing a spacesuit and a cat wearing a doctor's hat, are reading together, in a flat illustration style.
In a world made up of huge books, there are tiny houses under the rolling mountains of pages and paper clouds.
Create a scarlet floating car sculpture, the overall Cyberpunk style, rich in details and metallic luster.
Design a logo: A magician stretches out his left hand, and because he failed to cast the spell, three panicked and flying butterflies emerge from his palm.
A huge alien spacecraft was suspended in the sky, projecting a beam of light that illuminated an astronaut who was retreating in panic below.
A fox saw his own reflection in the frozen puddle. He thought it was another equally handsome fox, so he proudly puffed out his chest and showed a proud expression on his face.
Generating picture: A huge anthropomorphic onion consolidates a small anthropomorphic mushroom sitting on the ground, the mushroom is crying.
An anthropomorphic antique clock stood expressionlessly, but a burning candle next to it looked horrified because it was about to burn out.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a baker stands in front of his workbench. Because he has just completed an exquisite cake, he is satisfied to reach out and place the last strawberry on top of the cake.
A detective was sitting at a messy desk littered with case photos. He stared at one of them with a puzzled expression on his face.
The silhouette of a geometrically shaped fox is wrapped in a three-dimensional miniature forest with front and rear levels due to its longing for the forest. The overall logo is a low poly style.
Please create a painting: On the left side of the picture, a plump anthropomorphic teapot is pouring water into the teacup on the right. They all have cute smiling faces. The whole painting is in a warm picture book illustration style.
In the steampunk style, a thumb-sized adventurer rides on a giant mechanical beetle without any expression of fear on his face.
In the infinite space of Memphis's design-style, five huge brightly colored geometries are stacked together in an orderly manner, casting long shadows.
In the movie stills, a penguin in a tuxedo does not bow, but slides quickly on the ice with its belly in a comical manner.
An underwater city made up of huge glowing coral reefs, which emit colorful lights in the deep sea and illuminate the silent seabed.
A floating island made of brass gears and steam pipes contains a huge blue crystal inside with dots of light flashing.
In the costume design draft, a mechanical white tiger wearing nebula armor stared at a huge diamond floating in the air in front of the Egyptian pyramid. The diamond was emitting a soft light.
Generate a picture: In the red desert of Mars, a gorilla wearing a spacesuit is driving a suspended motorcycle at high speed.
Because the ground was very hot, a group of ants were crossing the road with diamond-shaped leaves. One ant was on the right of the other ant, and there was a small stone in front of them.
Generated image: An art installation made of glass, the left part is a hollow cube larger than the right part, and both parts flash with the same blue light.
Photo generated: A woman wearing a gorgeous classical court dress is sitting in an abandoned factory playing a rusty piano. Because of the dilapidated environment, her nobility and elegance are even more highlighted.
A gentleman in a suit has a huge sunflower blooming on his head and a simple solid color wall in the background.
A huge hourglass made of crystal is clearer and brighter than another similar ordinary hourglass because the sand inside is glowing.
A boy is looking intently at the T-shirt on his chest. In the printed pattern of the T-shirt, a tiger is hunting on a running antelope in the jungle.
In the ruins of the city at dusk, a giant crystal hand larger than the tallest building was touching the roof, but the crowd on the ground did not notice it and did not look up.
On the wet city streets after the rain, neon lights reflect in the stagnant water, forming psychedelic spots, presenting the overall Cyberpunk artistic style.
A retro futuristic music festival poster with an electric guitar suspended in the air in the center of the poster, surrounded by a Saturn-like aura.
A tired office worker saw the steaming coffee on the table and smiled with relief.
Please draw a picture of Cleopatra gracefully feeding a bronze mechanical lion in the ancient Roman Colosseum.
Generate image: A modern pen and an ancient quill are placed side by side in the picture. Please clearly show the contrast between the two in terms of material and size.
The concept design of the game character shows a soldier wearing futuristic armor with a small, glowing mechanical pet dragon lying on his shoulder.
Please generate a picture: Tower Bridge rises slowly in the evening, and a cargo ship is preparing to cross the River Thames.
A bust of the ancient Greek philosopher Socrates, used as an avatar icon for a philosophical forum, in a pixel art style.
A fox with a tail made of glazed crystal is standing on tiptoes, trying to reach a floating water drop bigger than its body.
In the Art Nouveau style, a long-haired girl stared at a peacock with an open screen, with complex golden vines and flower patterns in the background.
Generate an animated scene: a castle made of colored candies stands in the middle of a bubbly chocolate moat, with marshmallow clouds floating in the sky.
An open old wooden box with a complete small world inside, with rolling mountains and winding rivers.
Generating pictures: In science fiction movie style, three giant energy towers stand on a deserted planet. Because one of them was damaged by overload, only the tops of two towers are emitting blue beams into the sky.
On the lawn of Qiuli Park, a golden retriever and a corki are running side by side. The golden retriever is bigger and runs more steadily. They both stick out their tongues and look happy.
Please create a clay sculpture: a clockwork toy that cannot move around because of rust, and a small clover grows in its keyhole.
A glass bottle contains a miniature snowy mountain. Because the snow is melting, a stream is formed at the foot of the mountain, but there is no fog in the bottle.
With a minimalist line logo, an apple fell from above and hit Newton's head, so a light bulb lit up above his head.
On the left side of the picture is a huge red fire hydrant. Because it is leaking water, a lush mushroom jungle grows on the ground on the right side of the picture, extending all the way to the edge of the picture.
A red panda is wearing a trendy vest of too tight size, so it is angrily using its paws to try to tear it apart.
An astronaut is quietly gazing at the blue earth in the distance through the window of the spacecraft.
On an old desk, there is an empty coffee cup in front of an open laptop screen, and a desk lamp in the upper left corner of the desk illuminates an open book.
Generate picture: Three gold trophies of uniform shape but different sizes, all tied with red ribbons, lined up from left to right in order from smallest to largest on a white background.
Overlooking, on a dining table covered with a white tablecloth, one hand is squeezing ketchup onto a serving of French fries, and on the left side of the table is a cup of sparkling coke.
A mechanical giraffe made of brass gears and steam pipes walks the streets of Victoria London in a steampunk style.
Photo generated: On the rooftop of the city in the evening, a young man is practicing parkour and is preparing to jump from one roof to another.
An ancient brass gear tightly grasps another silver pinion, and they rotate slowly together to form a precise sculpture of the mechanical heart.
A river made of liquid moonlight slowly flows through a quiet valley covered with crystal flowers. There are huge snail-shell houses in the valley.
In a software interface, the circular progress bar below a download icon is lighting up because it receives a stream of data from a distant cloud server icon.
A supercomputer made of optical fibers is waving an arm made of data streams to conduct a symphony of stars for a floating robot audience.
Generated picture: A corgi in a spacesuit is sitting in the cockpit of a spacecraft. Outside the window is a bright nebula. The picture is in a retro futuristic style.
Five little squirrels in suits were sitting around a round table, playing cards seriously with their paws.
Generating image: A huge mechanical whale is floating still in the nebula because its core energy has been exhausted, its back forming an abandoned Cyberpunk city.
Generating picture: Newton was sitting under an apple tree. An apple had just dropped next to him. He was inspired by it and looked at it thoughtfully, with a focused expression.
Draw a glass forest, where sunlight penetrates translucent trees, so rainbow spots are cast on the glade, and a path winds from the foreground into the distance. Digital art style.
An old craftsman's wrinkled hands are loading a very small part into the heart of a mechanical machine. A close-up of the movie.
Generate a retro futuristic science fiction illustration: a gorilla in a spacesuit, driving a hoverbike, shuttling over the red desert of an alien planet.
Minimalist illustration shows a huge whale swimming in the sky, its body being much larger than the small house on the ground below.
In the abandoned amusement park, a rusty red Ferris wheel stands quietly, next to a peeled white Trojan horse lying on the withered grass.
An anthropomorphic gentleman's alarm clock, wearing a tuxedo, running anxiously on an infinitely extending road, in a surrealist painting style.
In the laboratory of the future space station, a scientist is observing the glass ball in his hand. Due to the injection of simulated sunlight, the miniature rainforest ecosystem inside the ball is full of vitality.
In the distorted dimensional space, three huge floating islands with similar shapes were suspended in the air. The islands were covered with strange glowing plants, and the overall situation was bizarre in the Cthulhu style.
Generate a logo: An anthropomorphic cactus wants to hug, but it cannot stretch out its arms, but instead grows two gentle little flowers from both sides of its body.
Please create an animated scene: a bright blue anthropomorphic water drop is running anxiously on a hot iron plate, trying to escape before being evaporated, with a painful expression.
Please create a three-dimensional work of art: A girl is sitting quietly trapped in a glass cube. On the left side of the cube lies a book and on the right side lies a withered rose.
A mischievous orange cat reached out and patted the Labrador's wagging tail, with a sly grin on the cat's face.
Please generate a picture: In a science-fiction studio, a designer is touching a holographic projection screen with his hand, and a robotic arm behind him is serving him coffee.
A spiral-shaped violin, the body spirals like a conch, and the strings extend on the surface of the spiral.
Please create a painting: a girl with hair knitted out of stars. She stands in the center of the picture with the broken moon at her feet. The picture presents a surrealist style.
Under the lost city-state in the sky, a small figure stood tenaciously. He raised his hands high and summoned lightning to strike at the giant mechanical jellyfish swimming in the sky.
Please create a trendy photo shoot: two anthropomorphic ceramic vase models, both wearing gorgeous gowns woven from vines, both posing gracefully.
A nature-themed poster shows a little raccoon stretching out its claws in the center of the picture and carefully cleaning the red berries in its hand.
Against the backdrop of the Egyptian pyramids, a curious lemur is tapping a shiny antique bronze armillary sphere, trying to make it spin.
Generating picture: In the middle of the table, a huge robotic hand is carefully placing a tiny square sugar cube on the left side of a round cup.
Create a picture: an astronaut is suspended in a huge crystal cave, behind him is a floating miniature planet, and several glowing diamond-shaped crystals are in the foreground.
Van Gogh's starry sky rushed out of the frame. It was like a flowing galaxy that slowly submerged the floor of the entire room.
Design a poster: Two dancers stand back to back in the center of the picture, with no audience behind them, only a spotlight coming down from above.
Generating a picture: an anthropomorphic cactus astronaut, who did not ride a spacecraft, but was floating among the stars holding an asteroid, in the pop art style.
Generated image: A detective finds a secret door hidden behind a tapestry on the wall. He is reaching out to pull the carpet open because there is light through the crack. Pixar animation style.
Generating picture: In Coco Chanel's studio, she is standing behind a model dummy, adjusting a small black dress for it.
In the animated movie footage, a pair of twin sisters stood side by side. The sister's smile was brighter than the sun, while the sister's expression was darker than the dark clouds.
On the frozen lake under the moonlight, a deer made of transparent glass is looking at its own reflection in the lake, and everything is still.
The concept design of the game is a forest city made of huge mushrooms, in which the houses, street lights and bridges retain the mushroom cap and stalk form.
In a futuristic studio of crystals and nebulae, several gowns woven from liquid metal and aurora are suspended in mid-air.
A little boy with disheveled hair was standing next to a statue of Albert Einstein, thinking. He was less than half the height of the statue, but his hairstyle was strikingly similar to the great man.
A transparent glass house made of countless colored candies is filled with fluffy white cotton clouds.
In the animated movie footage, in front of the huge Eiffel Tower, a little boy did not look up at the tower, but looked down at a small glowing robot under his feet.
In the Renaissance oil painting style, a scholar accidentally knocked over an ink bottle. He was reaching out in panic to prevent the ink from smearing the ancient map on the table.
Generating picture: On a summer afternoon, the ice cube next to a cup of iced coffee on the table is melting, and water stains soak a city map below it.
On the catwalk, one model reached out and stroked the silk skirt of another model. The latter's clothes were more complex and ornate than the former.
Albert Einstein, the famous scientist, but he wore a cartoon-style T-shirt with a grimace of his own tongue sticking out.
An anthropomorphic compass got lost in the vast desert, so its needle hung feebly and looked very depressed.
In retro film photography style, an anthropomorphic old suitcase sits quietly on a bench at the train station, covered with faded travel stickers, as if waiting for its owner.
A huge ancient tree made entirely of glass, every leaf of which is brighter than a diamond.
A polar bear made of snow and ice is curled up and sleeping. As the sun rises, the edges of its body begin to melt and shine with crystal light.
On the streets of the neon-lit Cyberpunk city, a tired humanoid detective leans against a cold metal wall to rest as rainwater slides down his broken prosthetic arm.
A tired explorer knelt in front of the altar. The entire cave lit up because he touched the gem in the center. However, there was no treasure chest behind him, only a smooth stone wall.
A magnificent Baroque city hangs in the nebula, with a crystal river running through it, and its source is a giant crying planet.
A huge antique clock floated in the air, as it was damaged, so countless gears and hands detached from its dial and floated around it, in the Hayao Miyazaki animated style.
Generated image: Famous architect Zaha Hadid stands in the lobby of her streamlined building, with huge spiral chandeliers hanging from the ceiling.
In the foreground, a wizard was stroking a crystal ball on the table. Because of the infusion of magic power, a young girl in the distance behind him was floating in the air with a peaceful expression.
In the concept design of the game, a terracotta warriors is curiously sizing up an old arcade machine, its terracotta face showing a confused and surprised expression.
Please generate a picture: In a futuristic laboratory, Newton is holding a mechanical apple that shines more brightly than ordinary apples, in the style of Cyberpunk art.
There is a huge ice sculpture, and a powerful tiger looks down at a smaller rabbit at its feet. The two look very different, forming a sharp contrast.
Generating pictures: Imagine a surreal scene in which the Statue of Liberty is made of golden honey and the urban buildings in the background are all carved from transparent blue ice cubes.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic ant sees a cake much bigger than itself, so it gives up carrying it and jumps excitedly onto the cake, in a cartoon style.
In the Art Nouveau style, deaf Beethoven was playing passionately. Because he could not hear the sound, the notes he created turned into glowing butterflies flying in the air.
An astronaut was weightless, causing three tomatoes to be suspended in front of him and a wrench floating behind him. He was trying to grab them in panic.
In the documentary photography style, a hungry stray dog found a piece of bread as hard as a stone, because it couldn't bite it no matter how hard it tried, so it could only helplessly use its nose to hold the bread.
A pair of anthropomorphic salt and pepper shakers are shaped like smooth marble chess kings and queens, and their entire body material and shine are consistent with the kitchen countertops in the background.
An ancient brass candlestick, with its two candle-supporting arms extending out like hands, is gracefully guiding the way for a princess, with a classic animated texture.
A mini figure is struggling to climb the smooth side of the phone in order to press the buy button on the huge phone screen.
A gorgeous baroque armchair, with complex golden cursive grass patterns carved on the back, stood quietly in the center of the empty room.
A little fox whose tongue was dyed purple because it stole a farmer's grapes is now facing the water of the pond and looking at its reflection in surprise.
Design an IP image: a mysterious suspension with the shape of an ancient Egyptian pyramid, but the surface is covered with blue light-emitting circuit textures with a sense of future technology.
In a luxury-style logo, two swans stand opposite each other, their necks forming a caring shape in the center.
Generate pictures: Please draw Shakespeare writing on a glowing electronic screen with an old-fashioned quill in a future Cyberpunk-style city.
In the pop art style, an anthropomorphic tomato with human arms and legs, wearing sunglasses, poses as a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in the United States.
Please generate a futuristic image: a man in the spacecraft's control room, to the left of the center, looking at a holographic projection on the right of a clone dressed in similar costumes.
Generating picture: Please draw a giant turtle made of crystal. Inside its transparent turtle shell, a dense miniature tropical rainforest grows.
Create a picture: in a future cyberpunk-style city, a floating billboard in the background, and a man stretches out a robotic arm flashing with blue arcs in the foreground and touches a holographic projection.
Photo generated: Due to climate warming, a huge glacier is melting, and meltwater water gathers into a river shaped like a huge tear falling from the mountains.
A man in a spacesuit awkwardly chased a floating red apple in a comical manner in the weightless space station.
Please create a steampunk style bronze sculpture: a rabbit smiles complacently because he has successfully invented a pair of flying mechanical ears covered with sophisticated brass gears.
Generated image: A ceramic teapot was scalded by hot water that had just been poured in. It widened its eyes in horror, in a 3D cartoon animation style.
A heavy mech transformed from a Sanxingdui bronze mask stands above the ruins of the modern city.
In the clay animation style, two anthropomorphic tomato parents are under the table. They are looking up together and looking at the naughty little tomato on the table.
There are three cute little anthropomorphic mushrooms on the table, snuggling together with satisfied expressions.
Generating picture: There is a quiet street in the city. There are cafes on both sides of the street, which light up warm lights at night.
In a bronze sculpture, Newton was lost in thought when he saw the fall of an apple. The pigeon next to him was tilting its head to look at him curiously, but he was unaware.
Generating picture: A young father is bending down and lifting his naughty son above his head with both hands, both of whom laugh heartily.
A steampunk themed hanging garden, with brass gears and pipes forming the edge of a suspended island that is filled with glowing mushrooms and exotic plants.
An abandoned lighthouse stands alone on the edge of a cliff, the waves beating against the rocks, the sky is covered with dark clouds, and the cold black-and-white documentary photography style.
A lady wearing a classical dress, her hair flowing down in a galaxy, a broken clock in the background, surreal illustrations.
The Sydney Opera House in the ink painting style is located on the calm sea, with several ancient sailboats in the distance.
A curious orange cat is staring intently at a small goldfish in the glass fish tank. Its body is larger than the entire fish tank.
Cyberpunk-style poster shows a man holding a glowing blue samurai sword and gazing at the blue neon city floating behind him.
In the Louvre, a pair of similar-looking twin sisters stood in front of a glass display case. Because they were fascinated by ancient Egyptian civilization, one of them was excitedly touching the display case with his finger and staring at the pharaoh sarcophagus inside.
A bouquet of tulips is placed in a transparent glass vase, placed in the foreground of a wooden table, behind which is a bright window.
An anthropomorphic cactus stretched out its spiked arms and gently hugged an equally anthropomorphic glass bottle that was about to break.
The teapot on the left side of the picture is pouring water into the teacup on the right. Because the water temperature is very high, the rising steam forms a shape similar to the whirlpool cloud in Van Gogh's starry sky, and the overall appearance is strong post-Impressionist oil painting style.
Generating picture: A young explorer meets a giant butterfly flapping its wings among flowers. Instead of running away, he runs forward to touch its gorgeous wings.
In a dream castle built of biscuits and candies, an anthropomorphic ice cream king sits on a chocolate throne, waving to his marshmallow subjects.
Cinematic texture shows a golden retriever lying on the carpet in front of the fireplace, its head resting on its front paws, and behind it a burning fireplace.
In the quiet courtyard, a stone table is placed in the center. On the left side of the table is a cup of tea, behind it is a willow tree, and an arch bridge is placed on the river in the distance.
Generating picture: A Shiba Inu in a suit saw itself in the mirror, tilted its head in confusion, and showed a puzzled expression on its face.
After a strange blue snowstorm, the hot desert was completely frozen, and huge cactus hung with ice fins like emerald sculptures.
Please design a poster for the festival: a huge classical gramophone sits on the grass, its bell flows out of a brilliant galaxy of notes.
In the steampunk style, a mechanical owl made of brass gears and precision clockwork is emitting thick smoke from its mechanical wings because its energy core is overloaded.
On the product display stand, a bronze hummingbird stared at the perfume bottle below. Its wings were made of glass blades, but there were no other objects in the scene.
Create a three-dimensional model of a miniature landscape: in the center of the scene is a rockery, with a pine tree on the left and a small pavilion on the right.
An elf with jade-like skin and a huge body was gently holding a glowing mini potted plant. The branches and leaves of the potted plant were made of metal.
In the documentary photography style, in Chernobyl's abandoned amusement park, because there was no one all year round, a dilapidated rag doll showed a sad expression under the rusty metal Ferris wheel.
Three geometric sculptures made of stained glass float in the pure white space, presenting a futuristic style.
A huge anthropomorphic brown bear is clumsily chasing a butterfly, which is hundreds of times larger than the light butterfly.
Design a 404 page of a music APP: A cartoon red panda wearing headphones is waving at a floating note in the distance.
Generating picture: Two anthropomorphic apples stand side by side, one is fresh and ruddy with a smile; the other is dry and wrinkled with a sad expression. It is smaller than a fresh apple, in a realistic photography style.
In steampunk style, the Great Wall made of huge brass gears and pipes meanders on the top of the mountains. Directly below several airships in the sky is a steaming city.
An elderly Cyberg soldier saw a new model that was taller than himself. Because he realized that he had been eliminated, he and the older mecha behind him were eclipsed.
In National Geographic photography style, a rabbit much smaller than a fox not only did not escape, but instead took the initiative to approach the nap fox out of curiosity.
A huge pink art installation, it is a melting cat with an irregular fluid shape.
On an Italian lawn, the anthropomorphic Leaning Tower of Pisa is practicing yoga hard, trying to correct its tilt.
Generated picture: In the corner of the warehouse, the screen of an abandoned old TV suddenly lights up, reflecting the face of a kitten. Because of the shock, a mouse next to it froze motionless.
Under the documentary footage, next to a huge Alaskan dog, there was an orange cat the size of its head. The orange cat's body curled into a perfect circle.
A forest made of transparent glass, due to the refraction of sunlight, the ground is covered with rainbow-colored spots, forming a fantasy scene in a surrealist style.
Generate a movie stills: In a rainy night in a Cyberpunk-style city, a robotic detective wearing a windbreaker is looking down at a glowing chip in his hand.
A trendy female hacker wearing a Cyberpunk-style jacket, her prosthetic eyes flashing blue light, is focusing on the holographic screen in front of her, which is the complex code she has just cracked.
Next to a huge sand castle lies a disproportionately small plastic shovel against the beach in the evening in the background.
Generating picture: Cyberpunk style, a black cat knocked over green glowing liquid on the table, causing its paws to start glowing as well. The cat is on the left and the beaker is on the right.
Please draw a picture of a rabbit in a chef's uniform sticking its head out of a huge soup pot, waving a spoon in its hand, in a Disney animation style.
On the left side of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, a tiny human in a spacesuit is reaching out to touch the finger of a huge alien creature.
Please draw: An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot, filled with boiling hot water, is comfortably exhaling white heat, and a satisfied smile appears on the pot.
Generated picture: In the center of the picture, an anthropomorphic fox in a suit has a serious expression. He has a cup of coffee on his left and a stack of documents on his right, which has a realistic movie feel.
On the left side of the screen, a brand new plastic model stretches out its smooth fingers and points to the wooden model on the right, which is shorter and older.
Generating pictures: An old detective stands on a street corner on a rainy night, staring at a neon light that lights on and off in the distance. The old photo in his hand is soaked by rain, making it feel like a movie lens.
Generating picture: Because a butterfly is flying around in the garden, an anthropomorphic scarecrow is gazing curiously at it from the middle of the field.
A tired programmer yawned from working long hours, and his breath actually condensed into the shapes of binary codes 0s and 1s in the air.
In the Japanese illustration style, an orange cat wearing an apron and chef's hat stands upright and carefully holds a plate of freshly baked biscuits with its front paws.
A huge hourglass timer shattered. Because the sand inside was all miniature stars, they gathered into a bright galaxy.
Please design a logo: A little fox is lying contentedly under the grape vines because he stole grapes.
A realistic white marble sculpture, an anthropomorphic chess knight, was holding his forehead in distress because the chessboard shattered in front of him and was unable to take the L-shaped step.
A little boy looked at his shadow in surprise. Because of the angle of the sun, his shadow was pulled taller than his father next to him.
A hamster warrior dressed in armor, but it had no weapons in its hands. Instead, it was holding a huge strawberry. It was a Japanese version of the Q-style handmade style.
Photo generated: A woman's frizzy hair has become extremely smooth because she used a new conditioner. She stroked her hair in surprise.
In an urban landscape made up of countless abandoned keyboard buttons, a lonely figure is walking on a street made up of space keys.
A knight with strong martial arts skills is standing on the edge of a cliff on the left side of the picture. In the sky on the right, a dragon is circling and confronts him, in the style of China ink and wash animation.
A anthropomorphic beige single sofa, yawning and sleepy satisfied, with a cup of steaming coffee next to it.
A man stood in a narrow Cyberpunk-style apartment. Although the window was a bustling neon city, he felt extremely depressed and suffocated.
In a cyberpunk-style game prop, an energy crystal flickered due to the instability of the energy core, but it did not fall and remained quietly suspended above the base.
Instructions: A little girl in a red cloak was riding on the shoulders of a kind brown bear and reaching out to pick apples because she couldn't reach the apples on the tree.
Photo generated: At the top of the Egyptian pyramid, an astronaut wearing a spacesuit waves to the International Space Station not far above.
Generating picture: Please draw Isaac Newton sitting under an apple tree, looking shocked and thoughtful when he saw an apple floating upward rather than falling downward.
On the snow, a fiery red fox was leaping up with all its strength. Because the ground was not frozen, it left clear crescent-shaped footprints, and the picture was full of movement.
At the top of the Pyramid of Giza, a huge rabbit is gazing down contentedly at the distance of a caravan of camels.
A crystal ball was suspended in mid-air. Directly below it was an open magic book, and a burning candle was inserted on the right side of the book.
A small translucent jellyfish with a jelly texture is wrapped in a glowing pearl as a cute game mascot.
A rabbit astronaut wearing glasses showed a complex expression that was both shocked and moved because he saw the earth on the moon for the first time. The simple style poster was used.
A minimalist living room that was originally pure white was dyed with a melancholy gray blue due to the downpour outside the window.
A red balloon blown by the wind hangs on the spire of the Eiffel Tower, presenting a strong black and white documentary photography style.
Generating picture: A shadow without a source. It is not flat, but flows on the ground like a liquid and blooms black flowers.
A surrealist painting shows a huge snail carrying a city in the foreground. In the distant sky behind it, a school of flying fish are swimming around the moon.
Steampunk style, inside a clear glass box, a sad toothed orange in front and a smiling brass apple behind it.
A super-realistic resin model, knowing that a bee will die after being stung, the beekeeper gently extended his finger to let it climb up after being stung.
Please create a 3D work of art: a tiny human astronaut standing on the shoulder of the giant Michelangelo's statue of David and reaching out and gently touching the statue's cheek.
Please design a guide page for an online learning App, where a boy wearing glasses is swiping his finger through the list of courses on his tablet, and the interface uses a fresh flat illustration style.
Seeing that the road ahead was blocked by falling rocks, the leader of the team raised his hand and signaled for the team members behind him to stop.
One candle had burned out. Because there was not much wax left, the candle became weak and began to flicker, and could go out at any time.
In a warm illustration style, a girl jumped up excitedly because she got a full mark in the exam, and her puppy also looked at her happily, as if celebrating her.
An anthropomorphic octahedron crystal is suspended in the air, its different cut surfaces reflecting strange light, surrounded by broken fragments of time and space.
All the children in the town are wearing yellow raincoats. They are not hiding from the rain, but waiting for the legendary rainbow elf that only appears after the rain.
Generating picture: A musician made of flowing colored ink, and his piano, also made of ink, play together on a huge piece of white paper.
A mechanical cheetah made of liquid metal floated quietly in the air, its smooth metal shell reflecting light like a flowing mirror.
Please generate a photo: An abandoned amusement park after a heavy rain, there is no water on the ground, and the mottled colors of the merry-go-round are like fallen leaves in autumn.
In the deep outer space, a huge castle made of gorgeous purple crystals floated quietly. In front of the castle there was a river flowing with golden stars.
The cinematic picture shows a huge blue whale slowly swimming in the sea of clouds, with a lit wooden house on its back.
Generating picture: Two anthropomorphic mushrooms, one taller than the other, hold a lotus leaf umbrella to shield their shorter companions from acid rain.
A curious kitten hid in the carton, stretched out its furry claws, and gently touched a butterfly in front of the box.
On a minimalist wooden booth, a bottle of amber perfume stood quietly, with a few dried fallen leaves scattered around it randomly, with a solid color wall in the background.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit stands in a huge glass bottle containing a miniature view of the Eiffel Tower and a street view of Paris.
A man bought a very small tent, and because he was much bigger than the tent, he had to stick his head and upper body into it to sleep.
In the retro film photography style, a heart-shaped padlock is locked to the barbed wire fence of the Ponte des Arts in Paris, with various other locks next to it.
A male lion made entirely of glass is in a sleeping state. Its body exudes a warm orange light and the background is pure black.
Photo generated: In Times Square in New York, a little boy was stunned by seeing so many neon billboards for the first time. He pointed to one of the screens that resembled the moon and admired it.
In the foreground of the Impression-style painting, two ladies are talking. There are three children playing on the grass not far behind them.
An antique gramophone has grown limbs and is imitating Michael Jackson's classic moonwalk.
In the deep tropical rainforest, there are huge fern leaves in the foreground, a colorful toucan perches on the branches in the middle, and a blurred waterfall background in the distance, with a film-quality lens texture.
A tiny astronaut discovered a huge diamond planet, and because gravity was so strong, both the astronaut and his spacecraft became flat and flat.
Please create a bronze statue of a king who was dejected because of his defeat, and even the crown on his head tilted to one side.
In a world where everything is made of crystals, a crystal giant is bending down to place a small crystal deer on a crystal branch. His body is taller than the surrounding crystal forest.
A model wore a nebula-themed evening dress with a dark purple skirt dotted with silver stars. The spiral texture of the skirt was very similar to the shape of the Milky Way. Even her hair color was consistent with the color of the stars.
In the Art Nouveau style, a knight wearing gorgeous vine-pattern armor knelt on one knee in the forest with a solemn expression.
Generating picture: In a cartoon-style forest, three little foxes are sharing a piece of cake. They are full of cream and look very happy.
Create a painting: the Great Wall built from countless ancient books, winding around the clouds of clouds, presenting a unique distorted shape.
A bronze sculpture of the Statue of Liberty, on the left rear of it, is placed a miniature replica of a similar shape but carved from white marble.
In the interface of a weather forecast application, because it was raining heavily outside, the sun icon in the interface seemed listless and half was blocked by dark clouds.
A fox logo made of flowing water. Due to depression, part of its body is crystallizing into shiny ice crystals, with a simple style.
Because his good friend the little squirrel was about to travel far away, an anthropomorphic mushroom was bent down sadly and handed a plump acorn to the squirrel standing above his head and ready to jump away.
A miniature scene made of clay, two similar blue castles face each other across a river, without any bridges connecting the castles.
The famous physicist Marie Curie, in a dimly lit laboratory, was attentively observing the radium test tube that emitted faint green light in her hand.
In the Art Nouveau style, Einstein on the left side of the picture has his trademark messy hair turned into the branches of an ancient tree, and the wrinkles on his face also resemble the texture of tree bark.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a fox made of translucent green crystal is gracefully walking through the bamboo forest, reflecting colorful light.
The ancient stone city suspended in the sea of clouds is covered with moss, but there is no ground below the city, only anti-gravity crystals shining with blue light.
Generating picture: A city made of huge books. As citizens continue to read, there are glowing streams made of words flowing on the streets of the city. In the distance are mountains made of dictionaries.
In a wood carving work, an anthropomorphic squirrel is contentedly patting its round belly with its claws because it has just finished eating a huge pine cone, and its big tail is also swaying excitedly.
Socrates, an ancient Greek philosopher made of transparent glass, was pondering and could see the glimmering thoughts in his brain.
At dusk, in front of the Pyramids of Giza in Egypt, the camp of a modern archaeological team lights up with scattered lights, a wide-angle lens with a cinematic texture.
Children's illustration style, an anthropomorphic sad little cloud, its tears falling drop by drop into the transparent glass held in its hand.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a giant whale made of nebulae slowly rolls and swims in the universe.
An astronaut made of transparent glass is floating weightlessly outside the space station. He stretches his limbs and performs an elegant ballet pose.
Please draw a picture: a little boy standing in front of a broken ceramic piggy bank, with an aggrieved expression on his face that he was about to cry because he found nothing inside.
Design a scene: On a fashion designer's workbench, there is an open inspired scrapbook filled with various fabric samples and retro photos.
An anthropomorphic cactus, dressed in Mexican costumes, dances enthusiastically salsa in the desert sunset.
In the futuristic command center, an astronaut reached out his finger and touched the floating holographic projection of the earth, and the surface of the projection was rippling.
A Mr. Octopus in a suit is climbing the glass curtain wall of a skyscraper like a gecko. The overall style is cyberpunk art.
A young man dressed in ancient costumes stood on the edge of a cliff, guiding the distance with his hand, and directing a group of cranes to hover and fly in the misty valley.
Generating painting: A retro desk lamp with a round lampshade, with slender arms and legs, is gracefully dancing tango steps.
There is a clean wooden desk with an open laptop on the left and a cup of steaming coffee on the right. The sun outside the window shines on the desk.
In his meditation, Newton's body was made of crystal clear glass, and a shining apple tree grew in his brain.
Generating picture: A steampunk anthropomorphic teapot contains a miniature city in its belly. Because the city is running, the chimney above its head is emitting colorful steam.
A women's windbreaker, the belt buckle is designed in the shape of an entrenched snake, and the snake's body forms an oval ring.
In the studio late at night, the painter waved his hand irritably because he was dissatisfied with the bird he had just drawn. The bird in the painting seemed to be startled and flapped its wings and flew to the other end of the canvas, in a surrealist oil painting style.
The user interface of a weather forecast APP has an anthropomorphic sun wearing a Holmes deer hunting hat in the upper left corner. It holds a magnifying glass to observe the temperature chart on the right side of the screen.
A man is trapped in a huge transparent glass bottle floating above the vast galaxy. In the distance are spinning galaxies, full of surreal movie scenes.
Close-up, a man looks at a mirror in his hand that has been shattered into irregular polygons, reflecting his horrified face.
Generating picture: Designing an evening dress for a proud peacock. Its tail feathers are cleverly integrated into the skirt design, making it gorgeous and noble.
An anthropomorphic crescent croissant, wearing a beret, leans leisurely on the base of the huge Eiffel Tower.
An orange kitten is in a transparent floating space capsule, gazing curiously at the vast galaxy outside the capsule.
Design a game prop: three ancient Egyptian-style scarab amulets, which are flat oval shapes with hieroglyphs carved on the surface.
Generating picture: A red flame-shaped glass sculpture. Due to the extremely high temperature, a blue ice-shaped sculpture next to it is melting.
Please generate an image: On a rainy night in cyberpunk-style street, a short and old robot silently looks up at the new model robot next to it, which is several times taller and full of brilliance.
Please create a photo: a koala from Australia is holding a eucalyptus tree. Its body looks smaller and cuter than the pandas living in China.
In the warm and healing picture book illustration style, a little girl's face was filled with pride because she had just completed the robot next to her. The robot's eyes were made of stained glass marbles.
A children's picture-book-style illustration shows a bear sitting quietly on a tree stump. Behind it is a dense forest, but there is no honey jar in front of it.
Generate a painting: a huge mechanical turtle with a steampunk city on its shell. A little fox is standing on the turtle's head and tapping its eyes with its claws.
A broken brass pocket watch. On its cracked dial, a green vine was growing around the rusty gears inside.
Generated image: An astronaut discovered a small flower on a deserted planet. Seeing signs of life, he took off his helmet and showed a happy expression. Surrealist style.
In the futuristic Cyberpunk-style space station, all four astronauts wore the same silver uniforms, and all had expressions of surprise on their faces.
Please design the main picture for e-commerce: an anthropomorphic transparent glass, shivering with cold because it is filled with ice. It is located on the left side of the screen and the product promotion area on the right side.
Photo generated: Cyberpunk-style Cleopatra is sitting in deep thought on the golden throne full of futuristic technology.
Please draw a picture: an old-fashioned anthropomorphic alarm clock with two bells on its head as its eyes, showing a panicked expression because it is about to be late.
Generating picture: On a dilapidated chessboard, a king's chess piece made of white jade is sadly gazing at a cracked wooden soldier in front of it. Because of the sacrifice of the soldiers, the king is safe.
Please create a clay stop-motion animation style three-dimensional model: a bear sitting on top of the planet, afraid of falling, so it wraps its tail tightly around an asteroid below.
A naughty squirrel was holding a large acorn and trying to stuff it into a tree hole that was too small for an acorn.
A lonely astronaut stands on a deserted planet because he feels so sad that his tears gather into a transparent water ball floating in the sky, reflecting the reflection of the earth, in a steampunk style.
Generate a picture: Please use a close-up camera to shoot. A huge hand is reaching out a finger and gently touching a tiny, crystal clear water bead on the table.
Generate a science fiction movie stills: an astronaut is on an unfamiliar planet, with a huge tetrahedron made of light floating in front of him.
A whale made of a flowing nebula is slowly swimming in the universe, holding a mechanical kitten smaller than its own eyes.
A giant mechanical heart cast of bronze is suspended in the air. There are no scratches on its surface. A butterfly is resting on a thick cable connected to the heart and flapping its wings.
There is an exquisite photo frame on the desk. In the photo frame, an anthropomorphic ceramic teacup is bowing gracefully wearing a top hat, professional photography.
In an Egyptian-themed cosmetics advertising scene, the display case was designed into a huge golden pyramid because the new lipstick paste contained gold foil.
A huge bronze hourglass hangs in the air, the sand inside is brighter than diamonds, and there is a tiny modern electronic clock next to it.
A tourist stands directly in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, with a red double-decker bus on her left and a busker selling paintings on her right.
The concept picture of the game character shows an elf archer on the left side of the screen, and her magic puppet on the right side, which is imitating the archer's posture and aiming into the distance.
Generating picture: An ancient wooden treasure chest is opened, but the inside is empty. The inside of the lid is not inlaid with any gems or ornate lining.
In the center of the crystal cave stands a humanoid creature made of soil. It reaches out with its right hand and holds three glowing floating water droplets; to its left is a cluster of huge blue mushrooms.
In a clay stop-motion animation style, an anthropomorphic loaf astronaut carries an oxygen tank made of jam bottles and floats in a galaxy of donuts.
A mechanical sparrow's wings were rusty after being soaked by the rain, but instead of falling, it sprayed steam and flopped awkwardly into the distance.
In the Cyberpunk wasteland, a rusty robot sits slumped, a glowing mechanical bird repairing its circuitry, so its eye lights up blue again.
A series of Memphis-style geometric figures, which are harmoniously grouped together, are designed with rounded corners, and one square also contains a triangle inside.
Photo generated: An astronaut floating weightlessly outside the space station reaches out and tries to grab a slowly rotating blue planet model in front of him.
A huge cubic mechanism is performing a ballet at the top of the Eiffel Tower in Paris. Its outer shell is not made of metal and is smooth and traceless.
Generating picture: Above the ruins of Cyberpunk City, an anthropomorphic robot made of gears and steam pipes sits on the left side of the frame, with a holographic blue butterfly floating on its right.
An old carpenter carefully wiped a wood carving with his calloused hands. The black and white documentary photography style is soft.
A crystal palace suspended in the sky. There are five white jade arch bridges in the palace. Below are surging clouds of clouds. The overall style is national and fantasy.
Under the apple tree, Newton saw an apple falling on the grass in front of him, which triggered him to think that a thought bubble contained a diagram of the gravity of the earth and the moon.
A fashionably dressed young woman stands in front of the Colosseum in Rome, Italy, holding a cup of coffee. The picture is in a warm and bright commercial photography style.
In the snowy foreground, a white Arctic fox with sapphire eyes is gently pushing a glowing moonstone with its nose. The background is a deep starry sky in a digital art style.
In the retro film style, in the square in front of the Gothic church, a flock of white doves fluttered over the steeple of the church.
In the Impressionist oil painting style, a clever red fox stood quietly under a maple tree in order to avoid hunters. Its fiery red fur was almost the same color as the fallen leaves on the ground.
Hayao Miyazaki anime style, an abandoned ancient Greek amphitheater, it is composed of stacked white marble auditorium and center stage, moss and vines covered with stone steps.
On a rainy night in cyberpunk-style street, a female transformer did not hold an umbrella. Her mechanical artificial eyes were brighter than neon lights.
Image generated: At the bottom of the upside down pyramid, a group of whales are swimming slowly in the stars, but they have no skin. Instead, their bodies are covered with broken mirrors, reflecting the neon lights of the city below.
A huge alien mothership is floating above the city as it absorbs energy, and the city's energy shield becomes flickering, in a cyberpunk style.
Please create a three-dimensional work of art: a crystal ball is gently held in one hand, and two squirrels are buried in the grass inside the ball.
Generated image: A huge gem blue unicorn stands at the top of the floating mountain range. In front of it, a similar but golden little unicorn floating.
The huge whale surfaced to the water next to the small boat. Instead of panicked, the people on the boat began to sing loudly at it.
A classic-style pure white marble sculpture shows a knight kneeling on one knee on a circular base and praying. His armor and base are engraved with the same vine pattern.
On the left side of the screen, a lit white candle and its tears sealed a yellowed old letter on the right side, a storytelling illustration.
Generating pictures: Please take a photo of a tiger made of flames and a lion made of ice, roaring at each other in similar postures, with a broken mirror space in the background.
A sleepy anthropomorphic crescent moon uses a fluffy white cloud as a pillow and a star next to it as a small night light.
Generating picture: Water in an overturned glass is flowing towards an open book. Because the pages are wet, the girl reading next to the book suddenly stands up.
At dusk in Gion, Kyoto, Japan, a geisha walks on a stone road holding an oil-paper umbrella, flanked by traditional Kinmachiya houses lit with lanterns.
Isaac Newton was sitting under an apple tree. Because he saw an apple falling, he did not look at the apple. Instead, he looked up at the moon in the distance and fell into deep thought.
Generating picture: Due to stiff joints, a wooden doll wearing a red scarf is struggling to raise its hand and longingly looking at a beam of light entering the window.
In a forest-themed children's study room, green vine painting on the walls extends to the legs of the wooden desk, forming a winding effect.
On the left side of the screen, a brass airship spewing steam is slowly rising; on the right side, a Gothic bell tower made of precision gears stands quietly, steampunk animation.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a girl in a kimono smiles happily as the brightly colored parrot next to her is awkwardly imitating her dancing movements.
The grassland swept by the strong wind, grass, trees and distant houses, all objects tilted violently in the same direction.
In the ruins of Cyberpunk City, a huge mechanical Buddha statue is larger than the tallest skyscraper around it, with a waterfall of data flow projected in its eyes.
Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun drives a gold convertible sports car and speeds down the streets of Cyberpunk city at night.
A boy was sitting at a desk. There was a red apple in front of him. There was a painting hanging on the wall. The apple in the painting was exactly the same. He was reaching out to touch the painting.
Generated image: A female wizard, her magic robe made of sparkling glass fragments, and a steampunk fantasy city in the background.
An anthropomorphic cactus, wearing a pair of fashionable sunglasses, stretches comfortably in the sun, in a flat illustration style.
A mechanical dog detected that its owner was in danger, so its metal hair stood on end, and its electronic eyes lit up with a red warning light.
Generate a picture: In future New York, the anthropomorphic Statue of Liberty is taking great strides in pursuit of an alien spacecraft speeding by.
An e-commerce poster and a bottle of perfume were poured over. The flowing liquid did not fall, but instead floated upward, gathering into a blooming lotus flower above the screen.
Please help me draw a picture: Deep under the sea, there is a city built of huge shells and corals, and glowing jellyfish illuminate the streets like street lights.
Generate a picture: stormy waves violently beat the black reef by the sea, stirring up huge white waves, using a long-exposure photography style.
A huge bronze sculpture of a mechanical heart, connected by several thick pipes, continuously delivering energy to it.
Generating picture: Afraid of the darkness, an anthropomorphic bear in pajamas is holding the moon in its arms, with an open fairy tale book on its right.
A huge whale with mosaic tile scales was swimming in the air. A little fox was looking up at it on the ground. The whale's eyes reflected the fox's reflection.
On the left side of the screen, a plump ceramic teapot is bending down and carefully pouring steaming tea into a small teacup on the right, in a clay animation style.
There is an ancient village in the deep canyon. The surface of every stone road and every wooden house in the village is covered with green moss.
In the heavy rain, a detective stood in front of a broken diamond-shaped glass window. His tired expression coincided with the dead tree that had been cut by lightning outside the window.
A little boy found a transparent umbrella on a street corner on a rainy night. When he opened it, there was a bright starry sky under the umbrella.
A male painter is in his studio. There is a huge round drawing board on his left. It has not yet been written. The overall picture book style is warm and healing.
Create a picture: a city made of huge candies and cookies, with clouds made of marshmallows in the background larger than the city's tallest chocolate tower.
Please generate a photo of a man covered in shiny metal scales gracefully dancing solo in an abandoned church, using Gothic dark photography style.
An octopus wearing a Victoria top hat elegantly plays the violin in the ancient Roman Colosseum in a retro steampunk style.
In the foreground, a boy is trying to climb a big tree. He reaches for the branch above his head, and a little squirrel is squatting on his shoulder.
In the sunset, a shepherd stood in the middle of a hillside, surrounded by a group of sheep who were grazing with their heads lowered.
Generated picture: An astronaut is floating in a transparent cube filled with nebulae. He is touching the inner wall with his finger. Because of his touch, a crystal flower has sprouted on the inner wall. Below the cube is a deserted desert.
Generating picture: A craftsman stands behind a workbench, looking pleased because he has just put the last gear into a spherical music box.
Generating picture: A huge metal gear spins rapidly in an exquisite blue and white porcelain teacup. Because it is so fast, it has shattered the teacup.
In the downpour, a man in a suit did not hold an umbrella. Instead, he opened his arms, looked up and closed his eyes, enjoying the wash of the rain, and his expression was relieved.
A giant child the size of a skyscraper burst into tears because he lost his beloved toy. His tears gathered into a lake wider than a city square.
On the rolling mountains, there is a winding Great Wall made of huge glowing mushrooms. Its undulating outline is strikingly similar to the Great Wall of China.
A man with a confused expression was sitting at a desk. There was a stack of tall books piled on his left and his right hand was hanging in the air, as if he wanted to pick up the pen on the table.
A whale skeleton made of huge transparent glass is sleeping on the bottom of the sea. Because sunlight penetrates through the sea, the inside of the skeleton reflects gorgeous rainbow spots. Photography art.
In the minimalist children's room, there is an anthropomorphic wardrobe with the outline of clouds and a soft pink blue color, and a few little yellow stars growing out of it.
A huge ancient tree growing in a dark cave has no leaves, but its branches are covered with glowing crystals.
Generating picture: Isaac Newton was sitting under an apple tree reading a book when an apple suddenly fell. He fell into thought and showed an epiphany expression on his face.
In the interface of a weather forecast application, all cards and icons use rounded rectangles and soft gradient blue tones, and the overall style is very uniform.
In Cyberpunk style, the projection of a giant mechanical whale was suspended above the wet street, and the crowd below was as small as ants, looking up.
A woman is standing in a minimalist living room, the sun shines on her through the floor-to-ceiling windows. The interior design has a strong sense of Japanese style.
Pixar animation style, a large anthropomorphic teacup containing glowing star tea, and a small teacup similar to it standing next to it. They all have big curious eyes.
Inside the huge circular space station, an engineer is suspended weightlessly in the air. Below him is a huge spherical reactor, and in front of him are several cube-shaped maintenance robots floating.
The mythical hero Hercules was wrestling with a much larger cyclops, and he hugged the giant's legs with all his strength.
Generate a photo: On the wide lawn, a man is running at full speed on the left and a woman is doing yoga stretches on the right.
A minimalist logo, a sleeping fox, curled up into a perfect circle with a white background.
Please generate a picture: In the center of the picture, a huge bell tower is melting due to the surrounding of a miniature sun on the left. This sun is brighter than the bell tower itself, and the distant view is a calm purple ocean.
Surrealist photography shows a man standing in the center of the room. On his left is a rough ocean and on his right is a quiet and dense forest.
Please generate a picture of a gorilla in a spacesuit, not piloting a spacecraft, but awkwardly dancing a tango on the surface of the moon.
Surrealist painting of a huge open book lying flat in the desert, with a melting Roman numeral clock floating above the book.
Generated image: A cosmic whale made of stars and translucent crystal is devouring a burning asteroid against a deep purple nebula in the background.
Generating a painting: In front of a mural inside an ancient Egyptian pyramid, an archaeologist was nervously hitting it with a flint in his hand, trying to light a backup torch because the torch was accidentally extinguished.
A little fox's mouth was covered with purple juice because it had eaten berries. Instead of wiping it off, it licked its lips proudly.
In the Art Nouveau style, a glowing mushroom made of smooth white porcelain has a complex and gorgeous gemstone pattern inlaid on its lid.
Please generate a picture of a polar bear wearing a kimono sitting under a cherry blossom tree due to the hot weather, awkwardly fanning the wind with a round fan. Ukiyo-e style.
On the left side of the park bench sat a wrinkled old man; on the right side sat an innocent little girl, both holding a red balloon in the style of an Impressionist oil painting.
On a planet made of giant doughnuts, there are five chocolate sauce waterfalls, and countless colored sugar grains are scattered on the surface of the planet.
On a cafe table in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, one hand is holding a steaming cup of coffee on the right side, and on the left side of the table is an open book.
A robotic dolphin is suspended in space and is scanning the distance with sonar, where a starfleet shaped like an Egyptian pyramid lies.
In a cyberpunk-style game character, a mechanical war wolf collapsed to the ground due to exhaustion of energy, but there was no damage on it and it just lay quietly.
The concept design of the game characters shows two similar ghost wolves. One is howling under the moon, and the other is silently ambushing the prey in front.
A concert poster commemorating Beethoven, with his eyes closed, passionately directing the notes flying in the air.
Generate an e-commerce poster: a huge burger floating in the air, and the burger patty consists of countless miniature versions of coke cans.
After the heavy rain, there was a crystal water drop hanging on a huge leaf. The water drop reflected a small reflection of a person, and a hand was reaching out with its index finger to carefully touch it.
A chameleon climbed on a rainbow lollipop. Due to the bright color of the candy, its own skin also changed into colorful colors.
An astronaut touched a glowing alien plant, causing his arm to become transparent and reveal the mechanical bones inside.
The anthropomorphic black king chess piece composed of withered vines was dejected because of its defeat. Opposite it, the white queen composed of blooming flowers stood gracefully.
In a steampunk style sky library, because it lost its power core, the books were not neatly arranged, but floated weightlessly in the air, emitting a glimmer.
The steampunk style sculpture consists of countless rusty gears and brass pipes forming an elaborate mechanical heart.
Please draw a picture of a kind grandfather carrying his little grandson on his shoulder. The two of them are laughing happily at the camera, with an autumn park in the background.
In the center of the city square, a huge transparent glass mountain sculpture rises from the ground, and several rough black volcanic rocks are scattered at the foot of the mountain.
In order to support a huge marshmallow cloud, a small mountain peak also grew the same soft moss coat.
In the animated movie screen, two red pandas are sitting side by side on a branch. Their round shapes and cute expressions on their faces are surprisingly similar, with a hazy bamboo forest in the background.
A humanoid fox wearing suspenders is warily observing the rabbit on the grass in front of it. It is nervously wagging its tail, which is cinematic.
An astronaut made of clay had to take off his helmet because he was too large, but found that he was not suffocating, but could breathe the starlight from the universe.
A red panda is lying on a thick tree trunk, its fluffy tail hanging down and yawning lazily.
The ruins of an underground ancient city have lost the support of core energy. The entire city is in a state of slow collapse, and huge stone pillars have been broken one after another.
An exquisite white ceramic teacup contains a miniature starry universe, with twinkling stars and nebulae slowly rotating within it.
In the surrealist style, a huge crystal cube is suspended in the center of the starry sky background, and a similar but much smaller cube is floating in front of it.
A leaning Tower of Pisa has a funny face growing on its body, and a yawning moon sits on the top.
On a rainy night on the street, a woman in a long black dress bowed her head in sadness. She looked similar to the reflection of her red lips on the wet ground, in an artistic photography style.
Generated image: An astronaut discovered a small sapling on barren Mars, so he took off his helmet and used it to water the sapling.
The cinematic picture shows that on the magnificent Great Wall, there is a small smartphone next to a huge city brick, with a bright screen.
A man was standing. He reached out and pointed at the huge data chart floating in front of him, his face filled with surprise.
A minimalist astronaut logo, because he discovered a new planet, his helmet turned into a shining planet made of stars.
An astronaut hangs in the foreground, behind him is a broken planet, and the deep universe beyond is dotted with colorful nebulae.
In a sunny park, a young father is bending over and teaching his toddler daughter to walk hand-in-hand.
A huge transparent crystal was hollowed out and contained a mechanical forest of brass gears and silver wires, with black velvet underneath the crystal.
Create a group of sculptures: a boy in a yellow shirt in the foreground, and a little farther behind him is a girl in a purple dress.
A kitten with butterfly wings is playing with another similar companion next to her. They are not meowing, but are gently touching each other with their wings.
In the steampunk illustration style, a lonely explorer stands on the edge of a floating island. In front of him is an endless sea of clouds, but there is no sun or moon in the sky.
On the windowsill of a Gothic castle, a girl with a pale face and large eyes was holding a black cat and quietly gazing at the dead tree forest outside the window, in Timburton's movie style.
Cyberpunk style, a giant black cube hovering quietly above the Eiffel Tower in Paris, the city flashing neon.
Generate a movie stills of a general wearing ancient armor sitting in the cockpit of an abandoned spacecraft, gazing out the window at the desolate red planet.
The UI interface of a travel App has a peaceful blue ocean photo in the background, and all buttons in the interface also adopt the same blue tone as the ocean.
Generated image: A lonely astronaut sits lost in an alien red desert, his hands covering his face in frustration, behind him the wreckage of the crashed spacecraft, Pixar animated style.
A beautiful watercolor painting shows two Japanese girls in kimonos walking side by side on the ancient stone road with oil-paper umbrellas.
In an abandoned library, a heavy magic book was spread out on the table. Because the spell had been activated, it was shining with a glimmer, illuminating the dusty ordinary books on the shelves.
A gentleman made of steampunk gears is bending down and gently touching a mushroom glowing on the roadside with his metal fingers.
A huge heart-shaped installation made of stained glass slices passes through it, casting colorful light and shadow on the ground.
A lonely anthropomorphic teapot feels sad because the pot is hollow and empty. It quietly looks at its own reflection in the puddle next to it, in a printmaking style.
Create a picture: The anthropomorphic earth sees the huge Saturn next to it, jealous of its beautiful rings and shaking its body angrily, trying to throw out the continental plates to form a similar ring.
Generated image: In a minimalist exhibition hall, the central pillar not only has no supporting role, but instead projects upwards a light curtain that is softer than the ceiling light, and a floating chair is wrapped in the light curtain.
A white-haired grandfather and his young grandson, both wearing glasses, were playing chess together attentively.
A child accidentally broke a beloved vase. He did not cry, but squatted down to study the sharp fragments curiously.
Photo generated: A soldier wearing cyberpunk armor and an ancient Roman helmet stands on top of Notre Dame de Paris, remotely controlling a group of drones to hover in the air.
In the famous Brooks Falls in Alaska, a brown bear stands at the top of the waterfall, opening its big mouth and accurately catches a salmon that is struggling to jump upward, in a high-definition documentary photography style.
A huge circular space station rotates slowly on the left side of the picture, and on the right is a medium-sized cargo spacecraft heading towards it, with a deep cosmic nebula in the background.
An astronaut took off her helmet. Her long hair was as bright as the Milky Way, dotted with miniature planets and nebulae.
A fox made of precision brass gears is playing billiards in a vest, ready to hit the ball. The overall steampunk style is in the Victoria era.
In a hollow tree trunk lives an anthropomorphic mushroom family, sitting around and quietly dozing off.
In a huge steel cave, a brave little maintenance robot was climbing on top of the mechanical dragon because a piece of its scales had loosened, struggling to tighten the screws with a wrench.
Generate a photo of a silver knife on the left side of a fork in front of a black background, with a white plate above them.
The outer wall of an exquisite glass hourglass was melted and deformed by the high temperature because it was too close to the burning candle. The gold sand inside was flowing out of the cracks at an accelerated pace.
In the Japanese fantasy game style, a white-haired swordswoman wears dark blue armor. Next to her is a giant wolf. The color of the giant wolf's eyes is the same as the swordswoman's hair, both snow-white.
In the sun-filled carpentry workshop, a pair of calloused hands are carefully polishing an unfinished wood carving with sandpaper. The air is filled with the aroma of wood chips.
Generating painting: Impressionist style, in an exquisite bird nest, there are three furry chicks with their mouths open and hungry for feeding.
Please design a logo: A cartoon astronaut jumped up excitedly because he discovered a new planet in space, and his white spacesuit was dyed with a dreamy purple halo.
A friend made of flames stood on the left of a boy. Because the temperature was too high, there were no other plants around the boy.
An old-fashioned anthropomorphic film camera bowed its head sadly because it couldn't record the fleeting rainbow in front of its eyes, with a minimalist line icon style.
Hayao Miyazaki animated style, a city in the sky floating in the sea of clouds, with winding walls similar to the Great Wall of China built on it. The walls are made of blue crystals and exude soft light.
A lighthouse sculpture made of many stacked books is emitting a soft light from the top of the tower because it represents the guidance of knowledge.
On the beach, two similar-looking brothers were building a sandcastle. Because the older brother had built a big castle, the younger brother was imitating a trumpet building next to it.
Surrealist photography shows a huge astronaut sitting alone on the edge of a city roof, with a miniature model of the solar system placed in front of him.
Generating picture: In the cockpit of an alien spacecraft, a Shiba Inu wearing a spacesuit looks at the flashing red warning light on the console with a confused expression.
Generating picture: An interior designer stands in a living room she designed with an abstract painting hanging on the wall. The style of the painting is very similar to the pattern of her skirt.
A lonely astronaut was sitting by a crater on the moon. He took off his helmet and placed it beside him, staring at the blue earth in the distance, in a pop art style.
Cyberpunk style, the Egyptian pyramid of circuit boards and neon lights hangs in the universe, with a planet in the upper right corner and a spacecraft in the lower left corner.
Generated image: A huge glass dome hangs over an alien city, with two similar-looking skyscrapers shining with neon lights standing in the center of the city.
In the Sahara Desert in the evening, because the sun had just set, the sky turned bright orange-red, and the black silhouette of camel caravans left long shadows on the sand dunes.
A music player interface. Because the song is playing, the round album cover in the center of the interface is slowly rotating, and there is a pause button below it.
Draw a picture of a man standing at the top of a ladder. Because he can't reach the light bulb on the ceiling, he has to sit on the ladder in frustration. The light bulb is directly above his head.
Please generate a picture: an anthropomorphic yellow pencil standing in front of a white drawing board with an open green paint box on its right, animated style.
Generated picture: Two anthropomorphic blue and white porcelain tea cups, with wings, chasing and playing in the air like birds, are in Cyberpunk style.
Generating picture: A bronze statue of a galloping horse is not static, but seems to be breaking free from the base, full of dynamic feeling.
A fantasy village game map overlooking the corner. The center of the village is the market, the upper left corner is the blacksmith shop, and the lower right corner is the magic tower.
On a wooden desk, there is a notebook with a red cover on the left and a matching red pen on the right. There is a cup of steaming coffee in the center of the desk.
With a 3D clay-style software interface, a girl is touching a virtual image on the screen, which is taller than the electronic pet model next to it and wears the same skirt as the girl.
Generating picture: A giant robot made of used tires is using its arms to try to cool itself, emitting white smoke due to the overheating of the energy core in its chest.
A huge spherical gel-like alien creature is wrapping around the top of the Pyramid of Giza, emitting pulses of blue light throughout its body as it absorbs energy.
Create a clay stop-motion animation scene: A shy snowman blushed because he received a gift. After the snow above his head melted, it gathered into a red heart similar in color to the gift wrapping paper.
A retro poster promoting wisdom features Einstein, whose hairstyle is strikingly similar to the mane of a lion next to him, but there is no serious expression on his face.
Generating picture: On the left side of the screen, an interstellar soldier controls a mecha on the right side through his thoughts. The mecha is synchronously imitating his combat posture.
An ancient anthropomorphic tree made of translucent crystal is directly in front of the wreckage of the crashed spacecraft. The ancient tree has not been destroyed, but instead emits a strange light as it absorbs energy.
In a steampunk style bronze sculpture, a huge mechanical snail runs faster than the rabbit next to it, and its shell is covered with precision gears.
Generate a video call APP interface on a tablet. The main screen shows a blond man wearing glasses, and the small window shows a dark-haired Asian woman who is on the phone with him.
In front of the stage, a female dancer is doing a more stretching jump than the male dancer behind her.
Create a movie stills: a huge glass dome hangs over an abandoned future city, and outside the dome is a doomsday scene filled with yellow sand.
In a cyberpunk-style fashion design studio, the designer was inspired by a huge butterfly specimen next to it to design a futuristic fashion with similar textures.
Generating picture: In the laboratory of the future, two cloned Einsteins stand in front of a huge machine, reaching out their right hands at the same time and pressing the start button.
An anthropomorphic square biscuit looked in horror at a much larger round moon, smiling at it.
In the center of the picture is a glowing galaxy, a planet made of crystals floating on the left, and a castle built on clouds on the right. The overall style is a dreamy illustration.
An elderly polar bear couldn't find food because the glacier melted, so he lay tiredly on a lonely ice floe. The picture was in a documentary photography style.
An astronaut whose spacesuit consists of flowing nebulae, which appear brilliant purples and blue, floats between the giant rings of Saturn.
Because a painter ran out of paint, he used a brush to dip it in the red wine in a glass to paint, in an impressionist style.
Generated image: On the interface of a music player, several three-dimensional glass-like cards are floating. One of the cards is in a suspended state and consists of an album cover and a song name.
In a glass bottle, a small astronaut made of clay is holding his hand up, and on his left there is a miniature metallic model of the planet, a surrealist three-dimensional sculpture.
A little squirrel looked frustrated because he couldn't find nuts. On its right, a blue butterfly was resting on a bright sunflower.
A metallic coffee maker is working, steaming steam drifting upwards towards the cabinet hanging above it.
Generating picture: A snow leopard is curled up on a rock. The dotted pattern on its body is very similar to the lines formed by the weathering of the rock behind it, like one body.
A pair of similar twin models wore dresses of the same size, one of whom was significantly taller than the other, showing the differences in the shape of the clothes.
In a corner of the game map, an ancient altar stands on the left side of the screen. There is nothing above the altar, and several glowing energy crystals are scattered on the right side.
Please draw a picture: a little hamster in exquisite knight armor, riding on the back of a huge snail, charging forward.
A boy in a blue square shirt was standing in the foreground of the room. As he pressed a red round button on the wall, a huge golden pyramid appeared in the background behind him.
In the pop art style, a man is dancing in exaggeration, with an ecstatic expression on his face, but there is no audience behind him.
A warm living room scene, with a landscape painting hanging on the wall in the center of the picture. Below the painting is a fireplace. On the left of the fireplace is a single sofa and on the right is a bookshelf.
On the wooden table in the cafe, a hand wearing a silver watch on the left is stirring a cup of latte, and on the right is an open book with a blue cover.
An open ancient book, with bright stars and miniature planets emerging from the pages, a retro futurist illusion-style science fiction book fair poster.
At the top of the Egyptian pyramid, a hippopotamus as small as a teacup is opening its disproportionately large mouth in an attempt to swallow an entire strawberry.
In the retro film photography style, because the window was not closed, a gust of wind blew up two manuscripts on the desk, and several pieces of paper were scattered on the ground in front of the table.
An ancient anthropomorphic hourglass, afraid of the passage of time, stands upside down, trying to let the sand flow against the current, cinematic, realistic style.
In the laboratory of the future, two genetically modified cheetahs stand side by side, with similar blue circuit patterns flowing on their fur.
In the Japanese Ukiyo-e style, a fox holds a brush covered in red paint because it has just stepped on the painting plate and left a string of bright red plum footprints on the snow.
The futuristic indoor courtyard with dry mountains and rivers has a white sand texture in the foreground similar to the circuit board pattern on the background wall, and the rock in the center is covered with glowing moss.
Inside the hangar of a huge starship, due to damage to the outer shell, two maintenance robots were making emergency repairs in front of a small landing vehicle. Above it was a flashing red warning light.
Two mechanical elephants carved out of crystal, one big and the other, their tusks and bodies both exude the same soft golden light, walking above the clouds.
In a retro poster style, physicist Einstein stood in front of a blackboard, his image reflected in a glass beaker on the table, and the blackboard was filled with complex physical formulas.
In the dim underground tunnel, rows of terracotta warriors stand solemnly, covered with dust, as if they were quietly guarding a secret for thousands of years.
A man stood in front of his huge newly awarded certificate, but he did not smile. Instead, he looked very disappointed. Behind him was an empty office.
Generating picture: Designing costumes for a couple, both wearing black silk Tang costumes with gold dragon embroidery and a classical garden background.
Surrealist photography, in a windowless secret room, an ancient book is suspended in mid-air, a teacup pours glowing liquid on it, and behind the pages is a huge toothed wall.
A huge, angular square ice cube has a burning heart sealed inside, causing complex Gothic patterns to melt on the surface of the ice cube, a surrealist style.
Generating picture: A fashionable female model is showing off a watch with her fingers not completely together and the background is made up of multiple geometric color blocks.
Please generate a picture: In a rough concrete courtyard, a puppy is jumping excitedly, trying to bite into a transparent soap bubble floating in the air.
An old lady was sitting on a park bench, concentrating on feeding the kitten on her left, so she didn't notice that a dove on her right was secretly pecking at the bread in her bag.
In the Memphis design style, two anthropomorphic planets, Earth and Mars, face each other across the galaxy, with three comets streaking across the background.
In the center of the frame, on a rough wooden shelf, a row of glass bottles of different shapes is displayed from left to right, but they are all the same amber color.
The volcano in the distance was erupting violently, with thick smoke billowing and red magma flowing down the mountain.
Generated picture: A small meerkat stands upright, looking warily at the huge vultures circling in the sky. It is film-level realistic and full of story tension.
Only a huge stained glass window remains in the ruins of the Gothic church, which casts mottled light and shadow on the stone floor in the sunset.
Generated picture: An abandoned train platform, the rails are rusty, the traffic lights in the distance are on alone, and the overall style is retro film photography.
Photo generated: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, an archaeologist is kneeling in a pit and gently sweeping away sand from an earthen jar with a small brush.
A photographic photo of an abandoned amusement park shows the merry-go-round covered with dust and no tourists can be seen on the surrounding grass.
An artist stands in front of his painting, the pattern on his pigmented shirt surprisingly consistent with the recently completed abstract painting.
A huge pile of books taller than the street lamp next to it is similar in shape to the mountains in the distance. Due to its age, the books on the top of the pile have been weathered and broken, with a cartoon illustration style.
A chef's logo design, wearing a high hat, is proudly holding up a freshly baked pizza, its cheese is still drawing.
A city made of huge books, the pages are wide streets, and glowing words float in the air to form clouds, in a fantasy artistic style.
Please draw: On the floating platform of the future city, two similar mechanical cats stand side by side. The one on the left is raising its hand to salute, but the one on the right has not moved, giving the overall feel of a cyberpunk movie.
An anthropomorphic chess queen, dressed in a gorgeous Baroque dress, stood solemnly in front of a line of soldiers.
In the futuristic space capsule, a panda wearing a silver spacesuit is awkwardly imitating a human astronaut and trying to do a space walk.
Generated picture: Science fiction wasteland scene, close-up view shows a rusty armored vehicle, mid-view shows a tilted skyscraper, and long-view shows two huge satellites hanging in the sky.
Please draw a picture: the boy in the foreground is holding a square toy box, which is much smaller than the round ball held by the girl in the background.
Please design a minimalist logo featuring a gentleman whose head has been replaced with a glowing retro light bulb.
Because of global warming, a polar bear and a penguin met on a melted ice floe. The polar bear on the left and the penguin on the right, both of them awkwardly stretched out their forelimbs to shake hands.
A floating city made of huge brass musical instruments and ancient books. Below the city are surging clouds of clouds, presenting the overall steampunk art.
In the UI interface of the weather forecast application, a rounded card displays today's weather icons, temperatures and city names. The overall design is simple and flat.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic brown bear detective, wearing a deer hunting hat, is using its paw to carefully examine the footprints on the ground with a magnifying glass, in a classic American animation style.
Cyberpunk style, the huge crystal Notre Dame de Paris suspended in the air, with a glowing river flowing quietly below, reflecting the neon light and shadow of the church.
Cartoon animation style, a magic compass made of crystals. Because it lost its direction, the pointer in the center rotated randomly, causing the surrounding space to be distorted.
An old bicycle leans against a mottled red brick wall, a nostalgic tan photo.
A miniature elephant is sleeping peacefully on a huge dandelion pompom with glowing spores floating around it.
Please design a logo: an anthropomorphic golden compass whose hands form a route on the Silk Road map. Both the compass and the route are drawn by unified golden lines.
Generating pictures: Please use documentary photography style to show it, because after a long dry season, the sand at the foot of the Egyptian pyramids has cracked and cracked, with only a few withered cactus trees dotted in it.
Generating a picture: a pair of twin sisters who look very similar. Because the sister achieved better results in the exam, the sister's face showed a happy smile.
In the interface of a music player, a little man in a raincoat stands at the end of the progress bar. He is pushing the progress bar back hard because he doesn't want the song to end.
Generate a photo: a man looks sadly at a broken mirror. Because the mirror is broken, the mirror reflects him in pieces.
Instruction: Design an interface for a weather application. Because it is sunny, the cartoon lion in the center of the screen wears sunglasses. The city name is at the top of the interface, and the overall style is minimalist and flat.
Please draw a picture: a white porcelain teacup with cracks, and the moon in the sky has similar cracks, in the Ukiyo-e style.
Above the Great Wall, a Siberian tiger roars in Van Gogh's starry swirl style.
Please create an illustration: a clown holding a transparent crystal ball with a triangular house inside, and the hat he wears is also in the shape of a triangle.
Design an environmentally themed poster: A sad-looking diver sitting on the bottom of the sea. His tears turned into turbid black oil because he witnessed marine pollution.
A short detective stood in front of a messy desk, with a much taller suspect standing behind him, but the detective did not have the slightest fear on his face. Instead, he looked down at a tiny footprint on the ground.
A melting snowman slumped on the ground sadly, but it did not give up. It still stretched out its branches and held tightly to an ice cream cone that was about to melt.
A white-gloved hand gently shook a crystal ball with an exquisite miniature castle and falling snowflakes inside the ball.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong is standing on the moon. As he suddenly understood the ultimate mystery of the universe, his spacesuit is made of twinkling stars.
Generating picture: A Statue of Liberty made of used car parts is enthusiastically breakdancing in a clay animation style.
Surrealist photography style, in a desert made of blue sugar, spiral sand dunes surround a river filled with liquid diamonds.
It is a life-size marble sculpture of an astronaut, but the helmet part of his spacesuit is carved out of blooming sunflowers.
An astronaut waved his fist excitedly because of the discovery of a new galaxy, and the overall shape was a concise flat icon.
In the new Chinese style, a female model is standing quietly in a dark green silk cheongsam, with a blue and white porcelain bottle placed on the table in front of her.
Generated image: A man stands on the edge of a high cliff with rocks and wild flowers in the foreground, overlooking the misty ravine below.
Generating picture: A city built of huge candies. Due to the hot weather, the edges of the buildings are melting, and colorful syrup flows on the streets.
An anthropomorphic abandoned lighthouse stands alone on a stormy night. It uses its last ounce of strength to shine a faint light for the lost ship, with a dramatic film.
An anthropomorphic cactus, thirsty, is sticking out its tongue like a cat to lick the dewdrops on a diamond-shaped ice block next to it, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
A little fox wanted to eat ripe grapes on the tree, but because it was too short to reach, he pretended to be disdainful and turned around and left.
A cat wearing a spacesuit, its helmet reflects the distant blue earth, and its eyes are full of curiosity.
Create a work in the style of clay sculpture: A sculptor stands on the right side of the work. Because he is not satisfied with the details, he does not use tools, but stretches out his fingers to modify the nose of the statue.
The remains of a huge alien city are suspended in the purple nebula, and the city's energy shield is flickering unsteadily.
In the three-dimensional animation style, a little girl was so sad that her tears actually condensed into ice crystals floating in the air. She was standing on tiptoe and trying hard to touch them.
Generate pictures: Please paint a fantasy landscape with a perfect star-shaped pond at the center of the picture surrounded by glowing mushrooms and twisted trees.
In the center of the picture, a transparent glass box contains a miniature city. As the neon lights in the city turn on, a robotic hand is reaching to the upper right of the box and trying to turn off the switch.
A music player application interface with the song cover at the top of the screen, the playback progress bar and control buttons in the middle, and the playlist area at the bottom.
A brown bear caught a fat salmon in a stream. It walked to the shore contentedly with the trophy in its mouth, taking a cinematic snap.
Please draw a picture of a square marshmallow castle that melts as it is roasted by the flames, and the syrup flowing from it gathers into a sweet river.
Generating picture: A young office worker leaned tiredly against the subway window after work, looking at the night view outside the window with blank eyes.
In the center of the picture is a square wooden dining table. On the left side of the dining table is a transparent vase with flowers, and on the right side is an exquisite white porcelain plate.
There was a bowl of cereal on one dining table, milk on the left and a fork on the right, but because there were no spoons, this breakfast seemed a little strange. Documentary photography style.
A circular logo, two koi carp with uniform styles swim around one after another in the circle, forming a three-dimensional Tai Chi pattern.
Generate an ad image: a new smartwatch floating in the foreground, which is thinner and lighter than the old one in the background. Both watches are made of metal and have a minimalist technological style overall.
Generated image: A robot made of scrap metal is repairing a small drone. Because the repair was successful, the drone's indicator light changed from red to green, in a Cyberpunk style.
An environmentally themed poster has a silhouette of a girl at the top, and below her is a dense green forest and several flying birds.
A man made of quicksand, his body was slowly disintegrating, and countless butterflies flew out of his disintegrated body.
A mechanical heart made of glass is glowing. It contains many gears inside. Because one of the snowflake gears is rotating, the entire heart is lit up.
Generated picture: A huge mountain range made entirely of crystals, with an outline similar to the shape of a crystal staff in the foreground, animated scene.
In front of the picture, a timid rabbit looks into the distance in horror, while behind it, a group of crows are indifferently combing their feathers.
A clay animal-style teapot with the spout tilted downward, showing a sad expression, and its body is covered with small cracks.
A whale made of transparent glass hangs above the city, with a futuristic skyscraper below it.
An environmentally themed poster shows a vibrant sapling growing inside a transparent light bulb. The light bulb is surrounded by barren and cracked land, forming a sharp contrast and simple style.
On the high branch, a female monkey is holding a baby monkey in her arms and combing its hair. Behind it are rolling green mountains.
Generating picture: A huge blue mechanical elephant sculpture with its nose rolled up and holding a sculpture of a golden bird suspended in the air.
Generating a picture: Please create a still life photo of a cup of coffee latte being pulled. The whirlpool pattern is strikingly similar to the texture of a slice of agate stone next to it.
Two starships are moored at the abandoned space station. Due to energy leaks, one of them is dimmer than the other, and its outline is blurred under the starlight.
A magnificent dark purple crystal castle stands above the clouds. The steeple of the castle shines with stars, presenting a delicate Japanese animated film style as a whole.
A little girl touches one of the three identical glass figures in front of her, and because of this action, the other two glass figures behind her begin to melt into water.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong stood inside the lunar module, gazing at the earth through the porthole. All equipment in the module flashed with a unified blue indicator light.
A huge old clock is abandoned in a corner, its hands forever pointing to a tiny crack in the wall, close-up.
An Art Deco full-body sculpture of an Egyptian pharaoh sits solemnly on his throne, behind a wall engraved with hieroglyphs.
Create a painting: A sculptor has just completed a melancholy blue statue, and because he is so immersed that his own face is stained with the same paint.
Warm picture book style, a huge father and a small son, they wear similar plaid shirts, the father is much taller than the son.
Please generate a picture: A man's body is made of precision brass gears and clockwork. He is standing in front of a huge bell tower, adjusting the clockwork of his heart.
Photo generated: A blind musician is touching his violin. Because the sound is so sad, rainbow-colored tears actually flow from the corners of his eyes.
Draw a surreal interior scene: in the foreground, a chair made of clear blue glass shaped like a huge palm; and a melting brass clock hangs on the background wall.
In Hayao Miyazaki animation style, a huge castle is suspended in the air. Below the castle is not land but a stormy sea of clouds, so the airship in the distance looks very small.
On the left side of the roof of the majestic Hall of Supreme Harmony in the Forbidden City, an orange cat lies lazily, and on the far right is the continuous outline of the Western Mountain.
Due to global warming, an untimely sunflower flower field has appeared on the Antarctic glaciers. They appear particularly golden in the daytime sun, in a documentary photography style.
In an ink-and-ink painting style courtyard, two men are practicing calligraphy, one of whom is in a more upright and upright posture than the other.
Generated image: Cyberpunk style, angry digital grimaces appear on a holographic display, and at the bottom right of it, a cleaning robot huddled in fear.
In the empty studio, two similar easels are placed side by side by the wall. In front of the easel, a girl wearing a beret is squatting on the ground in frustration, her head in her hands.
In the watercolor painting style, there are red apples on the left side of the picture and yellow pears on the right side. They are all covered with dew and placed side by side on a wooden table.
Draw a gardener with rock arms, gently pinching a delicate rose petal with rough fingers.
Generating pictures: A glass burst instantly because it was filled with boiling water, and fragments and water splashed around. High-speed photography captured the moment.
Because of his understanding of the mystery of relativity, Einstein, whose hair was made of precision clock gears, looked older than Newton beside him.
On a round base made of cobblestones, a little girl stood quietly. On her right, there was a butterfly fluttering its wings about to fly. The entire scene was enclosed by a transparent glass cover.
In Pixar animation style, a rusty robot leaned quietly against the window because it saw the birds flying outside the window, and its eyes showed longing and sadness for freedom.
Generated image: A girl with crystal antlers stands behind an ancient tree. She is not wearing metal armor, and the overall appearance is soft Ghibli animation style.
On the Antarctic glacier, two emperor penguins are walking awkwardly, but the one on the left is significantly larger than the one on the right.
Generating picture: In a broken ceramic vase, because there is no nourishment from water, the only bright red rose is rapidly withering, and its petals are falling one after another.
On the simple white desk, there is a laptop on the left, a pot of small succulent plants in the middle, and a cup of steaming coffee on the right, in a flat illustration style.
In the Ukiyo-e style, the foreground is an exquisite pine bonsai. On the upper right side of it, a paper lantern exudes a soft light, illuminating the branches and leaves of the bonsai.
In the abandoned space colony, a lonely explorer in a dilapidated spacesuit is gazing at the giant nebula slowly rotating outside the porthole, in a screenshot of a science-fiction realistic movie.
In the Ukiyo-e style, the leaning Tower of Pisa on the left side of the picture is facing an equally tilted cloud in the sky on the right side.
Retro steampunk style, a white-haired watchmaker with a brass gear in one eye and a focused and kind smile on his face, carefully adjusting a complex mechanical heart with his hands.
A one-eyed veteran in an old leather coat is talking to the blue translucent holographic girl floating in front of him, the picture is full of neon light and shadow in the Cyberpunk style.
A floating metal sphere crashed into the huge stone wall in front of it. Due to the impact, complex blue magic array patterns emerged on the stone wall.
Please design an advertising picture of a perfume product. An emerald green hummingbird is hovering in the mouth of the perfume bottle, as if it is absorbing the fragrance of nectar.
A man in a suit was walking on the street on a rainy night, but his shadow was a dragon spreading its wings and ready to fly. It was a cinematic scene.
Generating picture: An abandoned robot is rusting in the rain. Because it feels the coldness of the rain, its electronic eyes flash with a faint orange light, in a Cyberpunk style.
In the glass fish tank, a small goldfish was floating quietly in the water. Because it saw a cat outside the fish tank, it stared at each other without moving.
Cyberpunk style, a geisha wearing a neon kimono with glowing electronic circuit tattoos embedded in her face and cold eyes.
Generating picture: On the left side of the picture is a quietly sitting cat, and on the right is a parrot, but the parrot is not flying, but stands quietly on the bird rack.
A city made of biscuits, candies and chocolates, with all the buildings, streets and vehicles exuding a sweet aroma.
Please create a painting depicting the fantasy scene of the Egyptian pyramids meeting the Great Wall, in the style of Van Gogh's starry sky painting.
Create an abstract style sculpture: three mutually supporting human figures. Because they are immersed in meditation, they do not have clear five senses. The entire sculpture forms a triangle as a whole.
In the watercolor illustration style, a little fox saw his reflection by the stream. It thought it was another partner in need of help, so it carefully pushed a berry to the water in the foreground.
In Cyberpunk style, a mysterious man in a hood stands above a huge holographic billboard, with a steady stream of floating vehicles at his feet.
A watchmaker in steampunk costumes, because the core of time had just been restored, all the gears on his clothes began to rotate in unison and glow.
Generating picture: A Gothic-style anthropomorphic hourglass with bat wings and a rotating dazzling nebula in its transparent glass body.
A tourist reached out his hand and gently touched the sculpture's cold metal cheek.
Generate pictures: Please take a photo of a row of ceramic cups of different colors, each cup with an angry expression painted on it.
Generating pictures: Draw two magic keys with similar shapes, one is made of ice crystal and the other is made of burning lava, showing a digital painting style.
A puppy saw its own reflection in a puddle for the first time. Instead of barking, it tilted its head and looked at each other curiously.
An ancient book with a thick leather cover is spread out on the ancient masonry of the Great Wall, and the pages are gently flipped by the breeze.
Due to the magical radiation of the artifact left behind in the temple, a bonsai in the courtyard grew as huge as a mountain range, and a waterfall was formed on the crown.
A huge bronze sculpture modeled after a Trojan horse, in which the horse is leaping as if trying to break through the city gate.
A man in a suit, only as tall as a mushroom, was struggling to climb a huge stone staircase.
An ancient bronze statue stands in the center of the square, with a dove resting on its shoulder.
A pair of twin models stood side by side, wearing Victoria-style gowns with similar design languages, one set in black and the other in white.
In the white marble sculpture, five ancient ladies with different postures surround a stone table, sitting or standing, looking peaceful.
Please design a dress inspired by the broken statue of Venus, wrapped in glowing neon tubes, giving a Cyberpunk style overall.
On Mars, an ancient pyramid shaped relic absorbed moonlight, and complex neon purple circuits emerged on its surface, in a Cyberpunk style.
Generating picture: A little girl cried because she was afraid of the darkness, but her tears turned into glowing elves and lit up the entire room.
A small crystal tree is contained in a huge transparent glass bottle. Because it absorbs starlight, it begins to emit a soft light inside the bottle.
A glass sculpture of a thinker whose square head is melting due to overthinking, forming many similar squares on the base.
The flat logo design, because the sun has set, a similar crescent moon rises from behind the mountain, shining a soft light.
A huge metal gear is on the right side of the picture, next to it is a square glass box. Because the gear is rotating at high speed, it vibrates the sand in the box to levitate.
In the huge valley, a small figure is struggling to climb the steep rock wall. Behind him are vast clouds of clouds and distant snowy mountains.
Generate a picture: Please draw three keys floating in the air. They are all made of ice crystals, but each key has a different tooth shape.
Afraid of the sudden thunder outside, a kitten hid in the carton on the table, only peering out through the hole in the box.
An anthropomorphic butterfly queen wears a gorgeous evening dress with the color and markings exactly the same as the huge butterfly wings behind her.
Photo generated: In the terracotta warriors pit at the Mausoleum of Qin Shi Huang, an archaeologist stood in front of three terracotta warriors and was shocked to discover that one of the terracotta warriors had a weird smiling expression.
In steampunk London, a detective stands on the floating Thames with a mechanical gear transformed Big Ben in the background.
In the center of the minimalist exhibition hall, a Tesla Cyberpickup truck is parked, with a blue brand logo projected on the ground directly in front of it.
A transparent glass jar is filled with many similar-shaped gingerbread man biscuits, each with a happy smiling face painted on it.
In the Fauvism style, a burly sculptor is hammering a huge white marble with a chisel, and several small completed works are scattered on the shelves behind him.
On the ground below a squirrel in a spacesuit piloting the acorn spacecraft, a ladybug is looking up curiously.
A detective found a key clue in the dimly lit study room, so his face showed an expression of enlightenment. The picture was in the style of a retro black-and-white movie.
Please generate a picture: An elephant wearing a spacesuit and an ant, also wearing a spacesuit but much smaller, are engaged in a tug-of-war competition on the surface of the moon.
Generating picture: A huge whale rolls over a sea of clouds. Below it is a floating forest. Two moons hang in the sky in the distance.
A wrinkled old craftsman stroked a minimalist metal sculpture with rough hands, taking high-contrast black and white portrait photography.
A boy in a bright orange wetsuit stood upside down on the transparent glass ceiling. Below him was the busy crowd in the office.
In the watercolor style, a white-haired old lady sits in a rocking chair, smiling kindly, and knitting a sweater for the sleeping baby in her arms.
Photo generated: Due to long-term rain erosion, the surface of the ancient stone bridge is covered with slippery moss, presenting a documentary photography style full of traces of time.
Generate a photographic work: Because the moon in the sky has broken into countless glowing fragments, a lake water on the ground is reflecting this star-like spectacle in the sky, in a surrealist photography style.
In the corner of the abandoned factory, there is a rusty gear, a broken pipe and a dilapidated wrench, all covered with the same thickness of rust.
Design a product poster: There is a headset, a stereo and a mobile phone in the picture. They are all made of transparent fluorescent green plastic and have an acidic design overall.
Generating picture: A mechanical police dog scanned an alien glowing plant. Instead of sounding an alarm, it wagged its tail curiously.
A colorful clay sculpture of Newton, sitting under an apple tree, lost in thought because he was hit on the head by an apple, with an epiphany expression on his face.
The picture is divided by a street. On the left is a dilapidated and crowded slum, and on the right is a clean and prosperous wealthy area, forming a sharp contrast.
Generating picture: On the beach by the sea, there is a lighthouse with a red roof and white wall on the left, and a similar lighthouse on the right. There is a red boat between the two lighthouses, with a Japanese fresh style.
A humanoid robot composed of liquid metal, partially melted due to computing overload. It is stationary in the center of the bridge of the abandoned space station, with a transparent glass floor underneath it.
Create a picture: A candle on the left side of the picture melts due to burning, and the dripping wax solidifies into the shape of a miniature castle on the right side.
Deep in the forest made of crystals, glowing mushrooms illuminate the path, everything is the artistic effect of Cyberpunk neon lights.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, the boy wearing armor made of vines and the tiger next to him looked forward warily. The tiger was roaring.
A fashion model walked the show wearing an ice sculpture dress, which was gradually melting under the spotlight, revealing red roses wrapped inside.
An interior photo of an abandoned library. There are no books on the towering bookshelves, but glowing jellyfish are neatly arranged.
Generate a sneaker advertising image: a man is in the foreground of the picture, tying his shoes; far behind him, another man is sprinting on the track.
Generating picture: An ancient clock made of quicksand is placed in a transparent glass cover. As time goes by, it is gradually decomposing into a pool of shining star dust.
Generating picture: A glowing crystal pyramid is suspended in the air, directly below it, a smooth metal sphere is reflecting the distorted reflection of the pyramid.
In Hayao Miyazaki animation style, a fat orange cat lounges on a tatami in a summer afternoon and takes a nap, with a cup of steaming tea next to it.
A flat-style logo depicts a contemplative scholar. Because he figured out the problem, his originally gray silhouette lights up with a golden light.
Generate pictures: Design an advertising poster for an energy drink. The drink can is surrounded by lightning, the background is a profound universe, and the overall dynamic Cyberpunk art style.
Inside the turtle shell of the giant mechanical turtle is a library. The ancient books on the left shelf are larger than the people in the reading area on the right. An astronaut is floating and trying to reach a book on the highest level.
A humanoid robot stands in front of a futuristic console, a holographic projection in front of it showing a grand urban blueprint.
A humidifier made of volcanic rock looks like a miniature volcano. Because it is working, fine water mist is spraying out from the top. In front of the water mist is a small glass thermometer floating in the air.
Photo generated: The wreckage of a huge alien spacecraft lies quietly next to the Egyptian pyramid, with a human helicopter parked on top of the wreckage.
A drama poster shows a man smiling in the foreground and a similar-looking man standing behind him with a sad expression. The two are trapped together inside a huge hourglass.
A man was lying tiredly on the grass, and a huge snail was slowly crawling next to him, leaving shining traces.
The astronaut wearing a silver-white spacesuit stood in front of the future Eiffel Tower. A robot showed him an ancient map. He showed an expression of disbelief because the content was too shocking.
On the grass on a summer afternoon, an orange cat was lying lazily with a basketball that was also orange next to it. The sun was warm.
An ancient Roman Colosseum sculpture composed of blue butterfly wings is displayed in the museum and has a strong surrealist artistic style.
Photo generated: An astronaut wearing a futuristic spacesuit stands on the Great Wall. He takes off his helmet and looks in surprise at the endless ancient city wall under his feet.
Generating picture: A huge mechanical whale carries a bustling steampunk city on its back. The whale is slowly rising from the sea of clouds, and the city is brightly lit.
Generated image: A man is sitting on the ground at the finish line exhausted from running a marathon, but his face is filled with a satisfied smile.
Design a Memphis-style poster: floating geometric figures in the foreground, and a building in the middle view with windows forming a crying face and sunset in the background.
Generate a picture: In the empty courtroom, only three jurors looked surprised because there was no one in the dock in front of them.
In an empty white space, a huge red cube is slowly rotating around an equally huge blue sphere, maintaining a subtle distance from each other.
Please generate a screenshot of the software interface: A designer is reaching out and touching the virtual cube floating in front of him. As it is touched, it shines, while far behind it, a similar cube remains dim.
Illustrated on the software guide page, a girl is not sitting, but running happily on the grass. The puppy next to her jumps higher than her, which is a flat illustration style.
Generated image: Two similar-looking whales made of nebulae gracefully swim side by side in the vastness of the universe, trailing a trail of shining stardust behind them.
On the grassland at dusk, behind a lion is the vast sky. It does not chase the antelope in the distance, but just lies quietly on the rocks, which is cinematic.
In the clay animation style, a timid astronaut saw the alien waving at him in a friendly manner, so he put down his weapon and waved awkwardly in response.
In the steampunk style, on a huge crystal flying island, a brass toothed tree is dropping parts into the stream, and there are also several small floating islands flying around it.
A anthropomorphic alarm clock was shouting angrily at the bedside lamp because it felt that the other party's light was disturbing its sleep, in a cartoon style.
A furry rabbit discovered a magical carrot stereo. Instead of chewing on it, it pressed the play button with its front paws, and flashing musical symbols flowed out of the stereo.
Deep in the quiet forest, a stream flows among the stones, but no animals can be seen around. The mountains in the distance are looming, in the style of ink painting.
In the foreground, a dove was swooping down to pick up a dropped sandwich; in the background, the man was wide open in surprise because his food was robbed.
Generating picture: In the Japanese anime style, a tall knight and a short mage wear similar armor, fight side by side, and charge towards the enemy together.
A huge whale skeleton woven from withered vines has a glowing bird perched in its chest and seemed to be nesting inside.
An erupting volcano was contained in a crystal ball. Because the internal temperature was too high, the surface of the crystal ball was covered with fine cracks, as if it would break in the next second.
Surrealism style, a floating in the sea of clouds in the future city, there is no road in the city, a huge crystal whale slowly swimming above the city.
An anthropomorphic brown bear wearing suspenders showed an angry expression because the honey jar in front of it had been knocked over and leaned forward to pounce.
Create a picture: On the ancient bell tower floating in the clouds, a group of foxes with feathered wings are chasing and playing, and the light of the sunset fills the sky.
Create a picture: In the silent snow, two foxes are looking at a lonely snowman in the distance.
An underwater crystal palace built for whales, with huge arched windows overlooking the deep ocean and glowing jellyfish suspended like chandeliers in the dome.
An astronaut holds a small spherical metal detector in his hand, with a similar but huge drop-shaped piece of unknown liquid material suspended in front of him.
Because the heavy rain washed down the wooden bridge in front of him, an explorer wearing a yellow raincoat was standing on the edge of the cliff, looking anxiously at the other bank. It was a cinematic look.
The skyscrapers of the future city grow next to the same towering giant crystal clusters, and their outlines are strikingly similar in the sunset.
Flat illustration style, an open blue suitcase contains a miniature forest, because it is autumn, the maple leaves in the forest have turned bright red.
The Statue of Liberty came to life. She stood on the right side of New York Harbor. On the left side, a huge China dragon hovered above. She stretched out her arms and stroked the dragon's beard.
A mechanical owl sculpture made of used gears and rusty iron pieces has white steam emitting from the other eye because a light is on in one eye.
An old-fashioned anthropomorphic alarm clock is walking on tiptoes while extending a metal arm and carefully pressing a red button on the wall.
An orange goldfish is in a round glass fish tank placed on a table piled with books.
A beautiful clay sculpture depicts a little boy holding out his hand curiously, and the snail in front of him slowly extending its tentacles.
A miniature city carved entirely of crystal, all buildings project long, colorful rainbow reflections due to the sunset.
Generating picture: A little fox's tail is made up of many maple leaves. Because the autumn wind blows, it looks back at its tail that is about to be blown away with worry.
In Cyberpunk style, a petite girl stood quietly at the feet of the huge, abandoned mecha giant, looking up at it.
In the flat illustration style, a koala wearing a spacesuit squatted down curiously and reached out to touch it because it discovered a glowing mushroom.
Please draw a picture: Surrealist style, there is a river made of glowing geometric lines in the universe. On the left bank of the river are three floating crystal trees, and on the right bank are two broken planets.
In the Gothic church, a priest in a white robe stood behind a high podium. Few believers were sitting under the stage, and light shone through the stained glass window behind him.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is composed of glowing blue crystals, and ancient hieroglyphs hover like snowflakes in the tower, full of mystery.
Generating animated pictures: On the majestic Great Wall, an anthropomorphic giant panda stands in front of an easel, drawing with a brush in its paws. On its left is a curious little panda.
A minimalist communications satellite is orbiting a blue cartoon asteroid, sending signal ripples from the satellite antenna towards the planet.
A man made of crystal was sitting in a huge square glass container. Feeling lonely, he was staring at a plant in the corner of the container.
An ancient magic treasure chest was accidentally opened, so colorful energy leaked from it. These energy gathered into symbols in the air.
Generating picture: A huge spherical library made of countless pieces of stained glass. All buildings follow this material and design, and the overall Baroque style.
Against the backdrop of a cyberpunk-style futuristic urban future, Isaac Newton reaches out and touches a holographic apple floating in front of him.
In a forest of giant mushrooms, a group of shimmering elves ride moths and chase glowing spores floating in the air.
Generated image: An emerald Eiffel Tower stands in the reflection of a tranquil lake, surrounded by golden ginkgo trees.
A detective wearing a windbreaker stood in the center of the room. In front of him was a messy desk. Behind the desk was an open window, with the city on a rainy night.
In a huge library suspended in a sea of clouds, waterfalls pour down from among the bookshelves and merge into a river made of starlight on the ground.
Cyberpunk style, a panoramic view of a futuristic city, with a huge spacecraft hovering on the left and a flashing holographic billboard on the right.
On the rainy street, a passerby looked sad because of the bad weather, but he looked down and saw that the puddles on the ground reflected the clear sky, and his expression instantly turned to surprise.
Generating picture: A clever fox discovered a trap. Instead of approaching it directly, it grabbed a branch and carefully triggered the mechanism. It felt realistic and cinematic.
A huge mountain range made of colorful jellies. The mountain is shaking slightly, and a colorful stream composed of musical notes flows out of it.
An old man was feeding pigeons on a park bench when suddenly an eagle swooped down. Instead of panicked, the old man smiled and sprinkled a handful of bird food at the eagle, in the style of ink painting.
There is a pair of similar anthropomorphic candles on the table. Because they are about to burn out, the candle on the left is crying, and the other candle behind it reaches out to comfort it.
Please generate a cosmetics advertising picture: a sika deer with diamond horns is quietly lying on a glowing circular base, with a deep starry sky background behind it.
A girl's tears fell on the barren land. The tears did not break, but took root and sprouted, growing a shining dream crystal tree, Pixar animation style.
In the center of the picture, a castle made of colored candies and biscuits shines brightly. On the left of the castle is a chocolate river and on the right is a marshmallow forest, showing the overall DreamWorks animation style.
A fluffy white Arctic fox is sleeping soundly curled up on a rusty abandoned tank half-buried in the snow.
Generated picture: A tired firefighter rests in the ruins of a fire, his face covered with sweat and dust, presenting a strong documentary photography style.
Generating pictures: Design an interface for a weather app that displays clear days, but without any cloud or raindrop icon elements appearing on the screen.
Above the majestic Great Wall, a huge China dragon hovers among the clouds, overlooking a marching army of terracotta warriors below.
A plump orange cat curiously stretched out its paws and gently fiddled with the fluffy tail of Shiba Inu sleeping next to it.
A giant wolf made of black rocks, taller than the surrounding pine trees, roared in the snow, designed by the game Boss concept.
A designer was sitting in an industrial-style attic. In order to be able to see the Eiffel Tower in the distance at any time, he placed his workbench directly in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows.
In Cyberpunk style, in a huge glass dome, above a city made of glowing data streams, several huge mechanical butterflies fly.
Due to the overload and explosion of the energy core, a huge castle suspended in the air was falling downward. Books were flying all over the sky in the library in the castle.
In Hayao Miyazaki style, a girl floats above the crystal city in the clouds, with numerous steeples below and candy-colored sunset in the distance.
Generating picture: A silk kimono inspired by Japanese Ukiyo-e. Because it wants to show the waves, the hem is embroidered with silver thread to create a wave pattern in the style of Kasuzai-style.
An old-fashioned robot made of polished brass is walking awkwardly across the deserted Martian surface, its robotic arm hugging a green seedling housed in a glass enclosure.
Photo generated: A steampunk style Eiffel Tower, covered with sophisticated brass gears and steaming pipes.
On a glowing crystal booth, a bottle of skin care products stands in the center, with several similar bottles in the background, surrounded by solidified water.
In the modern and minimalist living room, a brown bear is pointing its paws at the drawings in confusion because it cannot understand the furniture instructions.
Although a city built of candy shines brightly, it does not melt at all. Instead, it becomes more crystal clear due to the light.
Generating picture: A fox turned his head and walked away because he couldn't reach the grapes on the tree, pretending that the grapes were sour, with a disdainful expression on his face.
Generated picture: In retro film style, a ballet dancer has just finished performing, so she sits tiredly in a chair in front of the stage, with an empty auditorium behind her.
Generate a retro film-style photography: on a park bench, an anthropomorphic accordion is playing and an anthropomorphic saxophone is singing.
Generated image: An astronaut's helmet is in the shape of a complete fish tank, with several golden fish swimming inside, and the background is the vast starry sky.
Generating picture: A man has an empty coffee cup on the table to his left. He is rubbing his eyes with his right hand because of sleepiness.
In steampunk style, scientist Albert Einstein stood thoughtfully, gazing at a floating, toothed clock in front of him.
In the cyberpunk animation style, a young hacker wearing glowing goggles is typing quickly on the holographic keyboard with a focused expression. Behind her is a futuristic city night view full of neon lights.
A mage is trapped in a huge magic bubble he has summoned. Unable to control buoyancy, he is floating upward in terror, below which is a well-organized crystal forest. Fantasy illustration style.
A giant wolf covered in metal scales is leaping from the top of one suspended abandoned space station wreck to another, in a Cyberpunk style.
On the desk on the left side of the picture, a white cat is stretching out its paws and fiddling with an open book. On the right side of the book is a cup of steaming coffee.
In the Art Deco painting, two similar-looking girls stand side by side, wearing peacock blue dresses that are the same color as the geometric pattern on the wallpaper behind them.
In the huge library inside the Pyramid of Giza, bookshelves are made up of flowing stars, and Einstein is reaching out to touch them.
In the style of ink painting, in a Chinese courtyard composed of bamboo forests and rockery, a knight in white is practicing swordsmanship with a graceful figure.
Please generate a picture: There is a squirrel in a nest of branches and leaves, and on the tree trunk below the nest, another squirrel is looking up at it.
In the majestic ballroom, a group of anthropomorphic chess pieces, dressed in evening gowns, are waltzing gracefully.
Please draw a picture: Art Nouveau, with a woman's hair made up of flowing dark blue nebulae dotted with shining gold stars.
Generating pictures: Create a Cyberpunk-style picture of a giant mechanical bell tower with butterfly wings suspended above the clouds of neon lights.
A mirror full of cracks, due to its own fragmentation, reflected another intact similar mirror next to it, making it appear brighter and brighter.
In trendy style, a rain god boy wearing a cloud raincoat cried because it was sunny, and a sunflower next to him also lowered his head for him.
A crystal clear crystal ball was placed on top of a stack of old books, and behind it was a burning candle.
An astronaut boy with a trendy play-style style, with Saturn floating behind him and a transparent bubble floating in front of him with a small strawberry in the bubble.
In a steampunk style brass three-dimensional device, craftsmen use tweezers to repair the heart of a mechanical bird. As the energy core is activated, the bird flapped its wings excitedly in front of the craftsmen.
An ancient brass clock is tired from walking for too long, its hands drooping as soft and dripping to the ground.
A huge hollowed out pumpkin house with small tables and chairs and a lit fireplace has a strong fairy tale picture book style.
A children's crayon drawing has a big red apple in the center of the picture, a small yellow pear on the left of the apple, and a string of purple grapes on the right.
Inside the body of a huge transparent whale, an underwater palace made of corals and pearls can be seen, with fish of fish swimming around the palace.
An ancient brass key was slowly turning the rusty lock core, and the precise gears inside the lock core engaged and rotated.
Please generate a picture: a triangular anthropomorphic hill with eyes and a mouth and smiling. The picture is in a simple children's picture book style.
In a creative project management software interface, the character on the left cheered and the progress bar on the right was filled up because the tasks were all completed. His body shape was higher than the empty progress bar, and the interface elements were unified clay style.
A library made of huge books, the pages form walls and stairs, and many glowing text symbols hang from the ceiling, in a surreal style.
Under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, a woman reaches out to feed a pigeon. The pigeon is pecking at the crumbs of her hand, while her puppy looks up at them.
There is an ancient wooden desk with a soft retro chandelier hanging directly above it. There is an empty chair in front of the desk. The overall style is Japanese anime.
There are several white clouds that look like cotton candies floating in the sky. Due to the sunshine, their edges are glowing with golden light, making them particularly fluffy and delicious.
A music festival poster has a vast desert at the center, three huge cactus standing on the horizon, and shooting stars dotted in the night sky. The overall style adopts a psychedelic retro style.
A red fox stands on the right side of the snow, and its eyes look at a lonely dead tree on the left side of the picture. Photography.
A genetic scientist stared at himself in a petri dish. His clone did similar movements, but because of the fusion of eagle genes, the mechanical wings on its back began to flutter anxiously like a bird.
In the animation scene, two magic girls are fighting against each other. The villain girl's magic light effects are more gorgeous than the protagonist's, but she looks at each other without fear.
The interface design of a music player adopts a flat style. A kitten is curiously staring at a triangular play button, its tail swaying gently.
A brush-cast sunflower sculpture has the spiral texture of its flower plate almost identical to the real sunflower next to it.
In the Egyptian desert, a huge gramophone steps forward like a person. Its brass horns are similar in shape to undulating sand dunes and even taller than the distant pyramids.
A crystal clear glass bottle contains an ancient sailboat sailing far away, with a rough miniature ocean in the background.
With a minimalist line logo, a beacon tower stands on the winding Great Wall, with a rising red sun in the background.
On the left side of the bookshelf, next to a thick ancient book, because a new book was taken away, there was no dust on the empty space left. Instead, there was a smooth porcelain bottle that was much shorter than the ancient book.
A penguin stands at the top of the Eiffel Tower. Because it is homesick, its body turns into transparent ice crystals, reflecting the dusk in Paris.
Generating pictures: Cartoon style, because the ground is too slippery, the three anthropomorphic bananas are walking carefully against the wall, with nervous expressions on their faces.
An ancient wooden treasure chest is placed in the foreground, behind it is a pile of scattered gold coins, and in the distance is the entrance to the deep cave.
Generating a picture: a huge alien mothership is projecting a blue energy scanning beam towards a deserted red planet below.
In a futuristic mechanical style, a huge Trojan Horse sculpture stands in front of the city gate. Although it is a tribute of peace, its metal eyes twinkle with a dangerous red light.
A squirrel was hiding in a wooden bird box. It was scared by the loud noise. It had just dropped the nuts it held tightly. The picture was full of a movie story.
In the inner secret chamber of the Egyptian pyramid, there are no ancient murals on the walls, but a huge piece of transparent amber that contains the entire universe and galaxy.
Design the UI interface of a health APP: An astronaut's virtual achievement medal is shining golden because he completed long-distance training on Mars.
A surrealist-style painting of a city floating in the sky with skyscrapers resembling giant, upward growing clusters of crystals.
A city made entirely of knitted wool. The buildings are made of wool, the streets are made of wool, and even the clouds floating in the sky are also soft balls of wool.
An astronaut discovered a small green seedling on barren Mars. Because he saw the hope of life, he fell to his knees excitedly and touched it carefully.
In a futuristic laboratory, a white-robed scientist stretched out his finger and gently fiddled a floating holographic data model in the air.
Inside a transparent container made of liquid metal, a mechanical jellyfish contains a miniature, rotating galaxy.
In the center of the picture, a girl faces her back to the audience. On her left is a huge white rabbit and on her right is a curious fox. They look at the fantasy castle in the distance together, animated movie screenshots.
A curious owl stood on a branch in the foreground. It was overlooking a rabbit on the grass in the middle of the landscape. In the distance was the hazy forest.
An anthropomorphic red round tomato gentleman, wearing a green square doctor's hat, is teaching a group of young tomatoes, advertising design style.
Out of curiosity, a little fox quietly approached a steaming hot spring in the snow. It stretched out its claws and probed the warm water.
A young man wearing bronze armor stood on his shoulder with a white owl combing its feathers. The young man had blue eyes.
At an abandoned station in the early morning, a bunch of daisies wet with dew was quietly placed on a bench on the platform, waiting for a train that would not arrive.
There was a glass girl sculpture. She was crying sadly, so on the ground in front of her, her tears turned into small white flowers.
Generated image: Cyberpunk style, a lonely astronaut stands on top of a floating Egyptian pyramid, but he is not wearing a helmet.
There is a white marble sculpture with a man sitting on a chair. There is a red apple on the ground directly in front of him and a dark gray wall behind him.
Generated picture: A little boy wearing blue starry sky pattern pajamas is holding a cat doll with the same blue starry sky pattern. The picture is in a warm picture book style.
In a clay sculpture, a penguin did not eat the jewel-encrusted fish in front of it, but instead held up a magnifying glass and looked at it carefully with a confused expression.
An anthropomorphic Leaning Tower of Pisa is struggling to straighten a huge apple placed on top of its head, with a minimalist logo design.
A mechanical heart made of brass and crystal contains liquid starlight flowing inside, so every beat of it illuminates the entire dark room.
A set of ceramic utensils of various shapes are placed on the table, including bowls, plates and vases. They are all uniformly covered with ice cracked glaze, showing a warm blue color.
An anthropomorphic terracotta warriors wearing blue and white porcelain armor danced on the majestic Great Wall, with endless beacon towers behind him.
An Eiffel Tower in Paris surrounded by huge vines, with glowing magic mushrooms growing on the top of the tower, is a conceptual design of a game scene in a doomsday fantasy style.
A crystal clear crystal sculpture depicts the underwater world, with coral reefs showing the outline of urban skyscrapers.
A floating city made of glowing crystals, without any chains or pillars, presents an exquisite steampunk sculpture style as a whole.
Surrealist oil painting, the tail feathers of a peacock fully unfolded, and its ornate and size are more magnificent than the snowy mountains in the background.
Pixar animation style, an anthropomorphic tomato without a hat waves a small hand made of vines at distant birds on the Great Wall.
A magnet attracts a pile of iron filings, and because of the magnetic force, the iron filings form a spike shape larger than the magnet itself.
Photo generated: In front of the Leaning Tower of Pisa, a huge wooden giant is trying to straighten the tilted tower with his hands, with a tiny tourist standing next to it.
Generate an advertising poster: a huge squirrel trying to break open a walnut with the Eiffel Tower in Paris.
In the steampunk style, an engineer wearing brass goggles and his brass-colored mechanical dog stood together in front of a huge gear background, the steam jets of the mechanical dog spewing the same white smoke as the engineer's backpack chimney.
Please create a picture: a library of the future suspended in a nebula. The bookshelves inside are composed of streamers, and the books are transparent data crystals floating in the air.
On top of the waste soil, a lonely scavenger discovered a glowing metal plant, and he carefully touched its leaves.
In the interface of a weather application, several cards of similar design form a forecast list, and the sun icon on one card is shining light on the temperature number below.
Generated image: An astronaut points to a rock on Mars that is larger than the rover next to him, in a pop art style.
Generating picture: On a huge red desktop in a fashion design studio, there is a small pair of gold scissors next to an unfolding piece of silk fabric.
Generating a picture: Draw an ancient army of soldiers on the march, with the same sun pattern engraved on their shields.
Please draw a picture of a happy boy and a sad girl sitting back to back, with a dead tree between them and rolling mountains in the distance.
In a flat illustration style, on the left side of the picture is a male astronaut wearing a blue spacesuit, and on the right side is a female astronaut wearing the same style of spacesuit. They stand side by side.
On the planet of cotton candy made of clouds, an anthropomorphic mint astronaut is carefully exploring on a lunar rover made of biscuits.
Generate a picture: In a futuristic glass container, a glowing mechanical jellyfish is floating. Below it is a miniature city model, but its tentacles do not touch any buildings. The picture is a science fiction movie style.
A pen dipped in ink, the tip of the pen is gently touching a yellowed letter, ready to write the first letter, with a retro atmosphere.
A man in a spacesuit was carefully reaching out his gloved hand and using a paintbrush to paint a dim planet with brilliant colors.
In the desert in front of the Egyptian pyramids, a camel is walking leisurely, leaving a long series of footprints behind it. In the distance are endless sand dunes.
Create a picture: a city made of huge stacks of books, with glowing dandelion seeds dotted on both sides of the street as street lights.
Van Gogh's style oil painting has a contemplative expression in the foreground. Behind him is a blackboard filled with physical formulas. Outside the window is the bright starry sky.
Generating a painting: a ballerina with a sad expression, taking a curtain call alone in the spotlight, showing the Degas Impressionist painting style.
The outline of a mountain peak is shaped like an eagle spreading its wings. All the trees on the mountain uniformly present sharp feather-like shapes with a flat logo design.
The structure of the sky orbit of the future city is like a glowing double helix of DNA wrapped around skyscrapers. A man stands on the observation deck and looks up.
Generated image: A anthropomorphic alarm clock failed to wake itself up because of snooze. It is running in panic, and the calendar behind it is rattling by the wind.
Please generate a photo: After a heavy rain, the city's streets became extremely clean, and the wet ground reflected the colorful neon lights of the surrounding buildings.
In the interface of a weather application, due to the forecast of heavy rain, the sun icon at the top of the interface shed blue tears. The overall style is simple.
Generating picture: A anthropomorphic alarm clock is covering its mouth tightly with both hands to prevent itself from ringing for fear of waking its sleeping owner.
Generating picture: A personified alarm clock sculpture made of clay anxiously points its pointer to the time on its face because it is worried that its owner will be late for work.
Please generate a picture: In a grand futurist palace, a man sits wearily on a huge circular throne, behind which a bionic leopard yawns.
Generating picture: An ancient emperor wearing a dragon robe is sitting on a suspended throne full of futuristic technology, adopting a China style animation style.
A huge glass hourglass. Since the sand in it has solidified into crystal, it can no longer keep time. Instead, it reflects a strange light, with a realistic cinematic style.
A brown bear in a suit was not working in the office, but practicing boxing in the open space in the forest, with standard and powerful movements.
Generated image: A huge starry astronaut is followed by a small fellow astronaut of the same model. Their spacesuits are made of flowing nebula.
On the Bund of Shanghai in the future world, a serious-looking man and an excited boy look alike, both wearing silver futuristic uniforms.
Generating picture: In the Bauhaus-style room, an anthropomorphic Vasily chair and a desk lamp are playing chess.
A futuristic exhibition hall design has the anthropomorphic terracotta warriors in the center without armor. Behind it is a huge floor-to-ceiling window, and the night view of the Cyberpunk city is outside the window.
An illustration of an application guide page was generated. Since the user refused the location permission, a sad little robot was lost and spun around on the empty map, with a frosted glass texture.
In an open notebook, an anthropomorphic pencil is dancing happily on the left page, while another tired pencil is lying resting on the right page.
A brown bear was standing in a stream. Behind it, a small deer was carefully sticking its head out of the woods next to it to observe.
A rusty steel robot was watering a new bud. Feeling the joy of life, the rust on its chest miraculously faded away, revealing its original luster.
At dusk in a second-hand bookstore, a hand wearing lace gloves was gently brushing away the dust on the cover of a hardcover ancient book with his fingertips. The light was soft.
Photo generated: A tired firefighter sits on the steps, as he has just been rescued, the kitten in his arms is licking his paws with peace of mind, behind him is charred ruins.
In the center of the picture, a fox made of crystal is sleeping. Three glowing butterflies float above it, and a gem mushroom grows below it.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit stood on the red desert rocks in the foreground, behind him was the vast starry sky and the huge rings of Saturn, in a surrealist style.
Generated picture: A white tiger with antlers with a clear diamond-shaped mark on its forehead is looking around warily, movie stills.
A soft clock hangs quietly on a withered branch, slowly melting, surrealist art.
An interstellar soldier wearing armor made of countless energy crystals had no enemies in front of him, only three alien stone monuments larger than a city floating.
On the bridge of the huge interstellar warship, the two astronauts stared at the holographic star map in front of them, which was slowly rotating.
Photo generated: Next to the ancient Egyptian pyramid stands a modern glass skyscraper much taller than it.
Portrait photography shows a pair of twin girls who look alike, wearing the same plaid princess dress, posing in the same pose in front of a retro dressing mirror.
In the evening in Egypt, the pyramids cast long shadows in the sunset, and several camels walked slowly through the desert.
In the Ukiyo-e style, scientist Newton wears an indigo robe. Instead of an apple, he holds a slowly rotating miniature galaxy.
Please design a modern and simple living room with a man sitting on the gray sofa in the center, with a pot of green plants on the left and a floor lamp on the right.
Please generate a picture: A red wooden cube stacked on top of a blue ice cube, and the wooden cube on top starts to tilt because the ice cubes are melting.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, young Newton was sitting under the apple tree and thinking. A ripe red apple suddenly fell and hit him on the head. He suddenly understood and looked happy.
A woman's transparent crystal heart holds an erupting miniature volcano, and the light of magma penetrates through her chest.
Surrealist conceptual art, an ancient globe showed a sad expression and shed blue tears as it saw the growing deserts of the African continent.
Please draw a children's illustration: At the bottom of the picture is a sleeping fox. Right above it, next to the moon, there is an owl flying.
Please generate a painting: In a clay stop-motion animation style, everything in a room, including tables, chairs, and teapot, is made of melted colored candles.
Five huge black obelisks of the same material stand quietly in the center of the crater on the surface of the moon. The obelisks are all engraved with unknown glowing golden symbols.
In the ink painting style, a celadon teacup is placed on a mahogany tea tray. Behind it is a purple sand teapot with the spout facing it.
In a neon futuristic urban alley, a robotic detective wearing a windbreaker is squatting down to replace the glowing energy core of a wandering mechanical kitten, in a retro futuristic movie tone.
On the back of a giant bear wearing crystal armor stood a nimble fox. Behind them was a broken island suspended in the air.
Generated image: A young woman is looking at the palm of her hand and gently drawing a heart in the palm with her index finger.
Two anthropomorphic chess king pieces, both with dragonfly wings, are squatting like frogs on the lotus leaf.
An ancient copper clock, its pendulum gently beats a steaming porcelain teapot next to it, in Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
A castle made of books floats in the air. The moon is not outside the castle, but shines in its tower, a minimalist logo.
A painter accidentally sprinkled red paint on the canvas. He was not annoyed. Instead, he took advantage of the painting and painted the paint into a delicate rose with an oil painting texture.
Due to the power outage across the city, high-rise buildings were not brightly lit, only a bright moonlight reflected on the river passing through the city.
A female model wore a futuristic silver dress with an exaggerated A-shaped skirt and sharp geometric structures on the shoulders. She walked on the catwalk.
In the library in the deep sea, huge bookshelves are made of living corals, and glowing jellyfish clusters float above the bookshelves, lighting up the entire scene.
Generated image: In a candy forest, a fox robot is scratching its head with its mechanical claws because it cannot eat chocolate river water.
Wearing a waterproof nylon jacket, the man stood confidently even in the drizzle with a leisurely smile on his face.
Generating picture: A chef was in tears because he cut onions, but after tasting his own dish, he showed a very satisfied smile.
In the dreamy illustration style, a crystal fox made up of stars contains a rotating nebula in its body. The shape of its tail is similar to the shape of a gorgeous aurora in the sky.
Generating picture: A huge purple magic book with four limbs growing out is clumsily practicing wielding a wooden sword in an American cartoon style.
An ancient temple sits next to a skyscraper, but although it is much shorter than the building, it attracts more tourists.
A red panda became round because of its gluttony on bamboo. It was chagrin to find itself stuck in a tree hole and unable to move.
On the elastic planet of jelly, an astronaut is stuck in because the ground is too soft to move. On his left is a lollipop tree and on his right is a biscuit house.
Japanese comic style, a large golden retriever lying lazily, it is much smaller than the kitten next to it, both quietly dozing.
Please generate a picture of an open retro leather suitcase containing a steampunk miniature city with urban buildings made of brass and gears.
In the interface of a weather application, because the user has turned on night mode, a translucent card is suspended on the dark background. The moon icon on the card is glowing, in a glass mimicry style.
Next to an ancient stone bridge stands a more modern concrete viaduct, but the railings of the stone bridge are not complete.
A model wears a long dress inspired by the ancient Roman Colosseum and is made of sandstone-textured fabric and metal chains as she stands in the spotlight.
A pyramid of Giza, made up of countless floating energy cubes, shines more brightly than the sun at its top, and the entire structure is slowly rotating.
Generating picture: A mountain peak made of transparent glass, on which stands a bronze clock larger than the mountain itself.
A little girl with pigtails stands on the right side of the picture. On the grass to her left, a puppy is excitedly wagging its tail and pouncing towards a ball.
Please design an e-commerce poster: three perfume bottles of different colors are suspended in the air and arranged in a three-dimensional staircase shape. All bottles exude a unified soft halo, in a 3D clay style.
An astronaut wearing a futuristic spacesuit stands at the top of an ancient Egyptian pyramid. Directly below him, a retro red convertible sports car is parked in the desert at the foot of the pyramid.
Generating pictures: In a surrealist-style concert hall, all musical instruments are made of transparent crystal, the spotlight in the center of the stage has a sad expression, and the entire scene is unified into a deep blue tone.
In the center of an alien city, a huge pyramidal building hangs in mid-air, and on the ground below, an explorer in a silver spacesuit looks up.
A flat-style logo, the main body is a small matte glass doll. He is making great strides forward with a confident smile.
The heavy rain fell, and a girl simply gave up dodging because she didn't bring an umbrella. Instead, she looked up and closed her eyes, feeling the raindrops with a happy face.
A veteran with vicissitudes of life stared at a photo on the wall of his youth and high spirits, forming a sharp contrast, in a thick-painted oil painting style.
Photo generated: An adult border collie is lowering its head and gently licking a newborn lamb curled up in its arms.
Generating picture: An ice sculpture of a chess king melted due to direct sunlight, the bottom turned into a pool of water, and the chess pieces were leaning and about to fall.
Create a cyberpunk-style picture: Due to severe acid rain erosion in the city, the originally bright red neon lights have become dimmer than the moonlight.
A clever monkey discovered a cloud in the sky that looked like a huge banana, so he excitedly pointed at it and motioned for his companions to see the thing that was bigger than a real banana.
A white chess king piece had cracks on its body, so another similar queen piece standing to its right stretched out a small hand and was carefully applying glue.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a cat wearing a pharaoh's headdress stood on the left and a hawk wearing the same headdress stood on the right, both gazing solemnly ahead.
A person's mind is like an open book. A tree of knowledge grows on the pages, and the tree is full of glowing lightbulb fruits.
A giant was carefully holding a pocket town. The small people in the town were looking up at him curiously. The houses in the town were not as big as the giant's nails.
On the left side of the screen, an alarm clock is sweating because it is about to be late, while the two diaries on the right are whispering in schadenfreude, with a cartoon background.
Isaac Newton sat under the apple tree, deep in thought because he saw the apple fall, his deep blue eyes shining with wisdom.
Generating picture: An ancient magic hourglass drained the last grain of sand, and the crystal rose next to it lost its magic. It began to wither, its petals exuding a dim afterglow, Gothic fantasy style.
Generating picture: In an exquisite retro bird cage, a canary is singing loudly with its mouth open, the sun illuminates its golden feathers.
In the ink painting style, a lonely swordsman stands on a floating boulder. Behind him is an inverted waterfall. A classical pavilion is suspended in the sky in the distance.
Generate a game scene diagram: In a magical forest, all the big trees have smiling faces, and their trunk shapes are surprisingly similar to the mushroom house next to them.
In an abandoned factory, moss and mushrooms grew from a metal wrench, as if it had the vitality of plants.
A square blue gift box, tied with a huge bow with gold ribbons, was quietly placed on the wooden table.
A giant whale made of stardust and nebulae is swimming in a marshmallow cloud of clouds, dotted with shining stars.
Please draw a picture: a bear in a spacesuit is pointing at it in surprise because a carrot was discovered on the moon.
A warrior wearing armor. His armor is made of broken blue and white porcelain pieces, and golden light flows through the cracks, showing a strong national style and ink painting style.
The girl wearing a long dress made of starlight and nebula was spinning happily, with the skirt flying in the wind, presenting a beautiful fantasy illustration style as a whole.
A compass icon composed of mountains and river lines, presenting a simple geometric style as a whole, used for outdoor adventure brands.
In the futuristic pet lounge, a translucent jellyfish floats on the left side of the room, but there is no water source in the room, and on the right side is a geometric cat climbing rack for cats to rest.
A huge city is suspended above the clouds. Because it has lost its energy core, it is slowly falling, and the small earth below is gradually clearly visible.
A woman dressed in smooth milky white exoskeleton armor stared out the window at the nebula, a film scene with a futuristic aesthetic.
In the command module of the huge starship, the captain stood in front of the holographic star map and pointed at a distant planet shining with an abnormal light with his finger.
Generating picture: A forest scene made of huge mushrooms. Glowing elves shuttle among the mushrooms with curious expressions on their faces. The picture is in a dreamy illustration style.
On the left side of the screen is an old grandfather, and on the right is his little grandson. He is bending down and reaching out to adjust the crooked hat his grandson is wearing, giving a warm and healing picture book style.
In the study, a man was staring out of the window with all his attention, so he didn't notice that on the table on his left, a cat was quietly reaching out to reach a glass. It looked like a movie.
In the center of an abandoned alien temple hangs a model of the solar system made of brass and gears, and the planets are orbiting silently in glowing orbits.
A clever parrot was using its beak to pull a rectangular block from a building block tower. The entire wooden tower began to crumble due to the loss of support.
Generated picture: Pixar animation style, an anthropomorphic teapot boils because it is too angry. The steam from its top head is shaped like a roaring dragon. The teapot has an angry expression on its face.
Generating animation: A little hedgehog is shrinking tightly into a ball and hiding under a large mushroom because it is afraid of thunder.
A costume design drawing, on the left side is a sketch of a male peacock, and on the right side because its tail feathers are not gorgeous enough, the designer designed a layered Gothic black lace skirt for it.
In a transparent cubic container, there is an energy ball smaller than an apple suspended. Because the energy ball is getting bigger, the surface of the container is slowly pushed open by an invisible force.
A desert scene carved from huge ice cubes. Due to the sun's roasting, the edges of the sand dunes are melting into gurgling streams.
An ice block carved from crystal is melting, so a crystal clear puddle made of polished glass is formed below it.
In a futuristic sterile laboratory, a scientist wearing silver protective clothing was carefully touching the holographic gene chain suspended in mid-air with his fingertips.
Hayao Miyazaki animated style, in front of the ancient Roman Colosseum, a little girl in a blue dress, her height is only a little taller than a huge ice cream cone next to her.
A knight in gorgeous medieval armor sits awkwardly in a modern e-sports chair, nervously playing video games with headphones on.
Generating picture: A clock made of stone moved too slowly, and the passage of time left traces on it, and the clock face was covered with moss.
In the retro photo studio, a father and his son wore similar suspenders and white shirts and posed in the same akimbo pose. The photos were in a tan-toned nostalgic style.
In a forgotten library, because no one cared about it, a vibrant green vine grew out of an ancient book and covered the dusty bookshelves in a fantasy illustration style.
Please create a painting: a koala wearing a spacesuit, looking curious and amazed at the vast universe through the helmet glass.
On the streets of the neon city of the future, Qin Shihuang, wearing a dragon robe, is staggering and learning to drive a hoverboard, looking focused and nervous.
In the torch of the Statue of Liberty, an anthropomorphic flame spirit is crying. Its light has dimmed because of the loss of freedom.
A little girl with a drawing board on her back was walking on the beacon tower of the Great Wall. She looked at the endless mountains in the style of Hayao Miyazaki animation.
Generating picture: A Corgi discovered that its owner had forgotten to turn off the anti-gravity device, so it happily floated under the ceiling of the living room, looking curiously at the dog toys on the floor. It feels like a science fiction movie.
A bronze sculpture of Albert Einstein playing an electric guitar shows an intoxicated expression on his face.
On the cockpit screen of the spacecraft, there were two alien giant beasts biting each other, and a mecha soldier was raising his weapon and preparing to join the battle.
In the steampunk style, a man is under a huge glass dome. He kneels on one knee and holds a precision mechanical rose in both hands.
Generating picture: In the Hayao Miyazaki-style magic forest, a small river becomes brighter than the moon due to glowing fish swimming past, and the entire river looks like a flowing Milky Way.
An anthropomorphic antique clock made of brass and mahogany is stretching out its hands and carefully adjusting the minute hand on its dial with its fingers, in a surrealist style.
Inside the huge clock, a man stood quietly at twelve o'clock, with huge golden gears behind him and no platform under his feet.
Generating a painting: In Hayao Miyazaki animation style, a boy stands on the bow of a boat floating in the air, waving to Notre Dame de Paris in the distance.
In Pixar animation style, young Newton was sitting under an apple tree. An apple fell right above him. Because it hit the head, he showed a sudden realization expression.
An anthropomorphic cactus, it has a pair of butterfly wings, but it is not flying, but is skateboarding in the desert, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
On the Great Wall, as heavy rain is approaching, ants are lining up to quickly carry food particles larger than their bodies along the winding city wall.
Still life photography, there is a glass cup on an old desk. The cup burst because it contained boiling hot water, which soaked the letters next to it.
Generated image: An astronaut and his capsule, as well as meteorites floating around, all take on the texture of a soft plush toy.
In the flat illustration style, a broken hourglass on the left stopped counting, so a larger plant on the right stopped growing, with a silhouette similar to the shape of the hourglass.
Please draw: In the trendy blind box style, a candy witch is brewing magic potions. Because too many rainbow candies are added, what is boiling in the pot is not the potion but colorful candies.
Because the spacecraft had lost gravity, the water in the astronaut's cup did not spill out. He was reaching out his finger to carefully touch the floating water ball.
In a watercolor painting, on the table in the center of the picture, a white porcelain bowl contains bright red strawberries. On the left side of the bowl is a string of purple grapes and on the right is an open book.
After the heavy rain, the street lamp on the left side of the street went out, so only the bright street lamp on the right side was reflected in the stagnant water, and the picture was in a cold color with low saturation.
Generated image: A squirrel wearing an explorer's hat has discovered a mysterious mechanism and is reaching out its paw to carefully press the glowing red button.
In the new object-style software settings interface, an anthropomorphic gear icon wears sunglasses because the user has turned on night mode, and there are several similar round switch buttons next to it.
In the watercolor style, in a floating city made of huge books, a rainbow waterfall pours down from the highest spine and falls into the sea of clouds.
Please create a clay sculpture: an old anthropomorphic suitcase was abandoned in a corner. Because there was nothing in the box, it opened its mouth and looked very lost.
A surrealist desert landscape with huge glowing jellyfish floating in the sky, but there are no traces of plants or animals on the ground.
Please draw a rabbit in a Victoria dress, curtsy gracefully with the hem raised, against a gorgeous court ball in the background.
In the clay style, a little robot knight was depressed because his sword was broken. There was an elf floating behind it, but it did not notice it.
In Pixar animation style, a hairy squirrel is struggling to push a delicate cart made of acorns and leaves.
A fox living in the desert evolved ears made of ice crystals to cool itself due to the hot weather.
A whale as huge as a skyscraper was swimming in the sea of clouds, with a sad and gentle expression on its face.
Because of the heavy snow last night, the entire Forbidden City was covered with snow. The red palace walls and gold glazed tiles were particularly eye-catching in the snow scenery, and a series of ice ribs hung under the nearby eaves.
The guide page of a health APP has a flat illustration style. A character is cross-legged in the center of the screen and meditating, with several icons of the same style floating around it.
Cyberpunk-style futuristic city night view, huge holographic billboards projected on the wet streets, and endless flying cars.
A model wears a long dress made of countless tiny sequins and a huge feathered top hat. She is in a lazy and relaxed reclining state.
A craftsman was carefully placing a miniature figure similar to himself into a glass bottle in his woodworking workshop.
Generating picture: In a Nordic minimalist living room, a man is placing an open book on a beige armchair next to it is an almost identical chair.
In animation style, the Egyptian Pyramid Group is located in the red desert of Mars, with a cartoon-style spacecraft parked next to it.
An elegant lady in a kimono is walking at the foot of Mount Fuji in Japan, where cherry blossoms are in full bloom, holding an oil-paper umbrella. Her expression is peaceful and peaceful.
A time traveler's arms are made of ancient brass gears because he has just returned from the future and the time pointer on his arm is reversing rapidly.
Create an abstract painting: There is a huge spiral void in the center of the picture, but there are no triangular or square geometric patterns in the picture, and the background is flowing colors.
In the ancient Roman Colosseum, a gladiator is fighting fiercely with a lion, and the audience is full of people.
Please draw: A huge anthropomorphic alarm clock is performing ballet at the top of the pyramid, with a small square gift box underneath it, with the Egyptian desert in the background.
In the Art Deco style, a black swan and a white swan float quietly on the water, their slender necks bent to form a heart shape.
A crystal sculpture depicts an ice queen who gradually melts due to grief and crying. The melted part becomes a clear puddle.
Please create a bronze sculpture of a contemplative girl sitting on a huge, floating hourglass as she reaches out to try to catch stars falling from above.
A gorgeous rococo style dress design. The skirt is embroidered with a cat chasing a butterfly. The cat has a proud expression and the embroidery area is larger than the waist of the entire skirt.
A little fox was standing on tiptoes and trying to extend its arms because it couldn't reach the apples on the top shelf. There was also an open book on the small stool behind it.
Please generate a picture: on the left side of the picture, a humanoid alarm clock made of clay stretches out a hand made of pointer and points to the right; on the right side of the picture, a puppy also made of clay is wagging its tail.
Please create a clay sculpture: a huge yellow moon model with a small blue earth model directly below it.
Several watchmakers made of brass gears of the same material began to rotate harmoniously and synchronously because the damaged core components were repaired.
In the sky, huge whales and dolphins made of clouds fly side by side. They have similar shapes and contours and are chasing the moon in the distance together.
Under the dome of the Gothic library, between two rows of similar bookshelves, a huge birch tree rises from the ground. Its leaves are made of glowing glass, giving a surrealist cinematic feel.
An anthropomorphic robot, its core indicator lights dimmed because it saw a new model more advanced than itself, in a cyberpunk style.
A tiny hummingbird built its nest on the head of a huge brown bear. Because the bear slept so deeply, it did not notice the little resident at all.
In an abandoned amusement park, the horses of a merry-go-round are made of rusty scrap iron parts, giving a strong sense of movie story overall.
In the Japanese Ukiyo-e style, an anthropomorphic monkey is imitating the tree-like stance of humans doing yoga. In front of it, a butterfly is flying towards it, and the two stare at each other.
In an art photo, the girl on the left side of the picture leaned her head gently on the shoulder of the girl on the right. They were wearing the same style of floral dresses, and the pattern of the skirts was strikingly similar to the old floral wallpaper behind them.
Please design an icon: Newton saw an apple-shaped black hole, and he showed a sudden realization. Memphis design style.
Cyberpunk game concept art, a mechanically modified ancient gargoyle. Due to the system's intrusion, red data streams shot out from its eyes and scanned the neon signs on the street below.
Generating picture: In the Venice Water City, a gondola is located in the center of the canal. On the left side is a colorful building and on the right is a small stone bridge.
There is a crystal sculpture with a little whale made of a nebula inside. Not only is it not sad because of being imprisoned, it has a happy expression because of the flow of stars in its body.
Create an image: Please draw a surrealist scene where the artist on the left is becoming so immersed that his face looks exactly like the Mona Lisa on the canvas on the right.
In the center of the chessboard, a group of anthropomorphic soldiers and chess pieces stood side by side, their formation formed a miniature Eiffel Tower.
A huge whale is swimming slowly in the deep sea behind the picture. In front of it, a much smaller dolphin is jumping out of the water.
In the animated movie, a little boy wearing pilot goggles stands in the center of the picture. On his left is a tall robot and on his right is a furry space dog.
Photo generated: An emperor penguin stands in the middle of the hot desert. The ice cream cone in his hand is taller than it is. It is melting due to the high temperature, making it seem at a loss, documentary photography style.
A dozing baby panda curled up into a ball, its black and white fur forming the shape of a Tai Chi diagram, designed for trendy IP.
In the picture, no items are displayed in a glass display cabinet. On the right side of the cabinet, there is a pot of green plants with a white wall in the background.
Photo generated: Three tourists are standing on the Great Wall of China. One of them is taller than the other two. They are looking up at a diamond-shaped kite in the sky.
An interior designer was pushing a sofa from the left to the open area on the right because he was dissatisfied with the crowded layout on the left side of the room.
Generating picture: Because the little girl sang to the butterflies in front of her, those butterflies danced up and down around her with the song.
Generate picture: Please draw an astronaut and an ancient knight standing side by side. The astronaut's equipment is more technological than the knight's armor, and it is in a realistic movie stills style.
A bronze sculpture shows a tall man standing behind a petite woman, but no parts of their bodies touch each other.
Because a huge candy meteorite fell, the trees in the entire forest turned into colorful lollipops, and the ground was covered with a thick layer of cotton candy.
In the ruins of a futuristic mechanical city, a lonely robot stretches out its metal fingers and carefully touches a green sprout that has emerged from the rubble.
Because a little boy added star dust to soapy water, the bubble blown out did not burst. Instead, it turned into a transparent crystal ball wrapped around a mini galaxy.
Please generate: A man wearing a green-striped T-shirt is standing quietly in a gallery. In the frame in front of him, a forest with the same green stripes is painted.
In the empty gallery, all the exhibits are carved from rough stone. An audience member is looking at a painting on the wall, which is more colorful than the one next to it.
On the grass, a group of sika deer all looked in the same direction. In the distance, a tiger was slowly walking out of the forest.
Generating picture: Please depict a Cyberg detective with a glowing mechanical prosthetic arm standing on the balcony of a high-rise building overlooking the flying vehicles shuttling below.
Generating image: In the future space station, Newton was very confused when he saw an apple bigger than his head. It did not fall off.
A giant tortoise is slowly floating in the weightless cockpit of a spacecraft with a floating virtual screen in front of its shell.
Because of the rain all night, a snail climbed out of the moist soil and was leaving a shining mark on a huge green leaf.
Generating picture: In a sky garden protected by a huge glass cover, the leaves of the plants are made of metal, but there are no artificial light sources in the garden. The only lighting comes from glowing mushrooms.
Please generate a picture: At the top of the Eiffel Tower, an anthropomorphic pigeon is horrified by its fear of heights, but its companions gently pat it on the back behind it to comfort it.
Generating pictures: Picturing the four major inventions of China, there are four ancient craftsmen showing papermaking, printing, gunpowder and compass respectively.
In the warm living room, the fireplace is on the left and the rocking chair is on the right. A kitten was gazing at the blazing flames in the fireplace.
Generated image: On the left side of the picture, there is a huge gear clock made of nebula, and on the right side is a similar small clock. Their hands are all made of flowing lava, giving the overall steampunk style.
Generating picture: An explorer opens an ancient treasure chest, but there are no gold jewelry in the box, only a yellowed map.
In the bright galaxy, countless huge transparent glass books form a floating staircase that spirals upwards to a floating bell tower in a steampunk style.
Image generation: depicts the scene in front of the pyramids of Egypt, with a camel caravan moving from left to right in the close-up, and two pyramids in the background, which are located in the middle and rear of the frame.
Black and white photography style, a lone dancer in the middle of an empty stage, no audience, only a beam of chasing light hit her.
A chameleon climbed onto the chess board and tried hard to transform itself into a black and white grid pattern in order to blend in with the environment.
Cyberpunk style, three holographic data cubes emit a dangerous red light due to overload, and their corners are all broken and unstable.
In the watercolor style, an orange cat fiddles with a twisted ball of wool with its front paws against a warm wooden floor in the background.
Generating an e-commerce poster: A woman had translucent crystal flowers growing on her face after using magic cream. She looked at herself in the mirror with surprise and joy.
Photo generated: A volcano feels aggrieved because no one cares about it all year round. The lava it flows has turned into sad blue tears.
The logo design shows a tall mountain peak with a proud expression overlooking the depressed, smaller hill next to it.
A tiny anthropomorphic water drop IP stands next to it with a huge, equally anthropomorphic water drop partner, creating a sharp contrast in size.
A fantasy city built of building blocks. Due to the injection of magical energy, all buildings, vehicles and pedestrians in the city show a glowing translucent texture.
Because the ground was covered with thin ice, a fox walked carefully, its tail trailing an elegant S-shaped curve behind it, for retro film photography.
A smooth metal sphere is pressed against a rough wooden cube, and together they are placed in the center of a clear glass plate.
An astronaut floats weightlessly in a gorgeous Baroque palace with a look of surprise and surrealism on his face.
Above the ruins of the ancient Roman Colosseum, three Saturns hang side by side in the sky. Their rings are clearly visible, giving the ancient masonry a dreamy color.
Photo generated: A penguin wearing steampunk mechanical wings is flying low over a vast desert, with the light of the sunset illuminating the sand dunes.
A ragged tramp handed his only dilapidated umbrella in the rain to a shivering kitten, but he was soaked. His face showed a gentle smile and a warm and healing illustration style.
In a crystal cave, huge crystal clusters and hanging stalactites all take the form of trees in a lush forest, in a surrealist painting style.
In a Jiangnan garden, under the arch bridge, there are black awning boats slowly passing by, and in the distance are residential houses with white walls and black tiles, in the style of ink painting.
In the city park at night, the black street lights next to each path project a yellow circular spot of light onto the ground, illuminating the falling red maple leaves on the ground.
In the lower right corner of the screen, a lit candle is suspended in the air, and its light illuminates an open book in the upper left corner of the screen.
A bronze sculpture inspired by Leonardo da Vinci's Vitruvian man, who does not hold tools on his four arms, but each holds a similar, smaller model of the Vitruvian man.
Generating picture: A fashion designer's studio is in chaos, but the wedding dress hanging in the center is particularly peaceful and elegant because of its extreme simplicity.
Generating picture: A kitten sees a round sweeping robot. Instead of dodging, it curiously stretches out its claws to slap the moving object.
In a mountain range made of jelly, two huge snails are racing. One of them is much faster than the other, and its shell shines.
In the spacious and bright yoga room, the girl on the left is doing the dog pose, and a kitten on the right is also imitating her and stretching.
A woman had just sprayed a new perfume when butterflies made of light bloomed around her. She showed a surprised expression.
A city made up of the bones of ancient beasts and future metal machinery exudes a dark blue light and presents a wasteland science fiction style as a whole.
Inside a huge glass eco-dome, an explorer wearing a heavy spacesuit is walking carefully on tiptoes for fear of stepping on fragile glowing mushrooms under his feet.
A rusty ancient key was inserted into a gorgeous treasure chest keyhole. Although it was covered with rust, it gave the entire lock a soft light.
Generating picture: In a glass, an anthropomorphic lemon slice is sinking in frustration without any ice cubes.
Generate an animated scene: There is a huge dark green floating mountain in the foreground, but there are no waterfalls on the top of the mountain. An orange planet hangs in the distant sky, and a surging purple sea of clouds below.
Please generate an image: a translucent crystal with sharp edges is touching a dry tree root, causing fluorescent buds to grow at the point of contact. The film has a realistic texture.
An astronaut sits on a miniature planet and uses a fishing pole to fish shining stars from the nebula surrounding the planet.
In the highest tower of the Gothic castle, a princess in a gorgeous robe is overlooking the storm-shrouded kingdom at her feet, with a purple sky streaked by lightning in the background, giving the overall Disney animation style.
On the stage, a group of ballet dancers wore the same white dance dresses and stood on tiptoe with the same elegance, their movements were neat and uniform.
In Disney animation style, a little fox hid behind a big bear because it was afraid of thunder. There was also a honey jar on the right side of the big bear.
In a Victoria-style glass street light, a huge glowing jellyfish floats, its long tentacles swaying gently in it.
A bronze sculpture of a meditative man and a dog squatting at his feet, the eyes of the man and dog are inlaid with sapphire.
Please draw a picture: In a study room, because the window was broken, the strong wind blew in, causing the pages on the table to be blown around.
Generating picture: Because he heard the smart slightly in front of him playing rock music, a koala wearing sunglasses immediately threw away the Eucalyptus and picked up the electric guitar and played passionately, in C4D style.
In the realistic oil painting style, a man canceled his trip due to heavy rain. He sat dejectedly on the old sofa by the window, with a world map hanging on the wall behind him.
There is a huge library suspended in the sky, books are circling outside the library like birds, and the glass dome of the library shines with rainbow-colored light.
There was a little girl wearing a spacesuit. Behind her was a tall robot protecting her. The background was the bright galaxy, in the Ghibli animation style.
A panda carved from a whole piece of emerald is sitting on top of an Egyptian pyramid, polishing the spire with tools in hand.
Generating picture: Please draw a historian from the future, reaching out with a precision gloved hand and gently touching the gold mask of an ancient Egyptian pharaoh displayed in the museum.
Generating pictures: Please use photography to present a quiet afternoon. On a wooden workbench, a pair of hands are carefully polishing a wood carving, and the sun shines on the warm spots.
Please generate a conceptual diagram of interior design for me: A young designer is showing a plan to her clients, next to her golden retriever is lying on the ground and wagging its tail.
In the UI interface of a music player application, the anthropomorphic record player has long arms and is carefully placing a vinyl record on the turntable above it.
The concept map of the game character is an anthropomorphic cactus carved from obsidian, wearing armor, and in a dark fantasy style.
In a ultra-realistic style, in a wet city alley after the rain, a thin stray cat is squatting in front of an empty food bowl without any food in the bowl.
A chameleon-inspired winter coat, its fabric is gradually turning into a mixed texture of ice crystals and snowflakes due to the perception of the surrounding snow.
Generating pictures: Because of the golden rain falling deep in the forest, many crystal clear glowing mushrooms grow on the ground. The picture is in a dreamy illustration style.
Please design a poster: an anthropomorphic retro camera that does not sit still, but pounces like a cheetah and pours towards a pen on the ground in front of it.
Please take a photo: A clever capuchin monkey is imitating humans, reaching out its paw and trying to unscrew the top of a glass bottle.
Tim Burton style, a sad clown cries in the rain, because his tears are colored pigments, so they gather into a gorgeous pool of water under his feet.
Generating picture: A bronze sculpted knight is repeatedly beating his helmet with his hands in annoyance because he lost his sword, in a surrealist style.
At a long table, a group of anthropomorphic chess pieces were meeting. Kings, queens and knights were all wearing exquisite silk suits with serious expressions.
A man stood in the middle of an empty warehouse. In front of him was an old-fashioned car, but there was no figure behind the car. It was a movie.
A modern tea room full of Zen, the table in the center of the room is carved from a huge piece of ice.
A weather-beaten hand is carefully stuffing a cork into a glass bottle containing a miniature sailboat with exquisite details.
Generating picture: In the red desert of Mars, Leonardo da Vinci is on the left side of the picture. He is using a futuristic holographic tablet computer to project Mona Lisa's smile on the right side of the picture, in a cinematic and realistic style.
A little fox's tongue was dyed purple because it ate a farmer's grapes. It stuck out its tongue curiously at the reflection in the pond.
At the top of the ancient Egyptian pyramid, a fox made of countless triangular glass fragments is looking up and howling at the moon.
In the study late at night, a tired detective stared at the clue board in front of him. Because a fatal loophole was discovered, his bloodshot eyes instantly lit up, making him feel like a movie.
Photo generated: An art museum installation shows a bronze sculpture of a little boy with tears of grievance on his face because the ice cream in his hand melted.
A Ukiyo-e-style ceramic teapot became bitter because the tea leaves inside had been soaked for too long. It was sadly wiping its tea tears with its hand forged from the spout.
A huge alarm clock has hairy rabbit ears, and a funny grimace expression is on the clock face, and the overall clay stop-motion animation style.
Please create a sculpture: In a huge wooden photo frame, a plaster girl stands on the left and an empty bird cage on the right.
Create a picture: an anthropomorphic white soldier standing at the end of the chessboard, pointing excitedly to his much larger self floating directly above it.
Generating picture: The rabbit in the race was far ahead of the turtle, so it decided to sleep under the tree, but the turtle overtook it.
The launch page of a weather app, with a dark blue night mode icon on the left and a bright day mode icon on the right, looks more eye-catching than the one on the left.
Still life photography, there are seven candles in the picture, six of which are intact cylinders, but one has melted into an irregular shape due to too long burning time.
An astronaut's helmet broke, but what leaked was not air, but a nebula composed of countless colorful butterflies that danced slowly around the astronauts.
Generating pictures: Please draw a huge glass pyramid, which is taller than the Sphinx next to it, with an old red bus parked in front of the pyramid.
In a Nordic-style cafe, a woman wears an off-white sweater whose weave texture is almost identical to the pattern of the tapestry on the wall behind her.
Inside the abandoned space station, two similar-looking escape capsules are parked side by side. Their hatches are rusted, like a pair of forgotten metal twins.
A glass hourglass had already leaked out, but the sand below crushed the glass due to the collected weight and flowed upward again, forming a cycle.
A city built on the back of a giant turtle. Because the giant turtle dreamed of the ocean, waterfalls flowed from the edge of the city and fell into the sea of clouds.
In the early morning mist, a buck stood quietly on the edge of the forest, staring at the camera and taking photos of wild animals.
A turtle's shell is in the shape of a red strawberry with green leaves and yellow seeds on it. It is crawling slowly on the beach.
A building block placed on a smooth desktop is not a cube or a sphere, but a pyramid with multiple irregular cut surfaces.
A pair of similar twin brothers stood side by side. The older brother was smiling because he was holding a college admission letter, but the younger brother did not show a smile. There was nothing in his hand.
On a floating island in the sky, a huge crystal robot touched a glowing flower, so green vines began to grow around its arms.
A Victoria-style lace dress hangs on a brass hanger, with a pair of high heels placed on the ground in front of the dress and a carved floor-to-ceiling mirror behind it.
In a modern design studio that can see the Forbidden City out of the window, a fashion designer is adjusting the buckles of a modified qipao on a model.
Generated image: Two similar-looking anthropomorphic ceramic teacups, both with a uniform blue floral pattern printed on their bodies, are looking at each other curiously.
Please generate a picture: An interstellar engineer, using his fingers wearing black gloves made of carbon fiber, is repairing an energy core that glows red.
Create a bronze sculpture: an elephant the size of a palm standing on a miniature of the Parthenon in ancient Greece.
A corki terrier wearing a spacesuit floated in terror above the Egyptian Pyramid. Below it was the vast desert.
A man whose body is made up of countless shining golden triangles is reaching out to touch a floating blue water ball.
A bronze sculpture of Albert Einstein showed a look of joy as he had just conceived the core of relativity.
Photo generated: On the Great Wall, a squirrel saw a tourist's camera and mistakenly thought it was a huge nut. His face showed a confused and greedy expression.
Generating picture: In the center of the frame, a man with a huge triangular crystal on his head, taller than the cactus on his left, and a steampunk city in the background.
The personal homepage interface of a social software has a circular avatar on the left side of the screen, and the status bar on the right side shows that he is not in the office today.
A wooden statue of a flying horse, its wings are not fully unfolded, and its hooves stand firmly on a cloud-shaped base.
There is an old wooden desk with a typewriter placed in the center, a lit desk lamp on the left, and several books stacked on the right.
In the classical oil painting style, in the dark study room, Newton had an epiphany when he saw the apple on the table, so he picked up a quill and wrote quickly on paper.
The anthropomorphic Statue of Liberty is skillfully operating a smartphone with one hand, and a flock of mechanical pigeons hover above her torch.
A fashion model wore a Gothic-style black lace dress. Due to the long skirt and the floor, the skirt was stained with dust, which contrasted with her elegant and noble temperament.
In a Cyberpunk-style clothing store, a jacket in the display case is glowing as it absorbs light from the store to recharge itself.
A fantasy castle made of candies and biscuits. The castle's moat is flowing chocolate, the river is shaped like smooth silk, and the overall fantasy illustration style.
A fantasy city made up of huge candies and biscuits. The buildings in it look like various desserts. Because of the marshmallow rain from the sky, the whole city becomes sweeter and dreamy, with an animated style.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot sculpture was generated. Because the water inside it was cold, there was no happy expression on its face, but it looked very depressed.
Two anthropomorphic chess knights stood side by side. The armor pattern on their bodies was exactly the same as the pattern on the checkerboard floor under their feet, making it cinematic.
An empty glass in front of the table also had a vague vapor illusion on the wall of the glass because he saw the two red kettles behind him steaming.
A white dove of peace flies over the ruins of the Parthenon Temple in ancient Greece with an olive branch in its mouth.
At night view of the future city, there will be a flashing holographic billboard in the foreground, several hovering aircraft in the middle, and a towering building complex in the distant view.
There is a clean wooden desk with a laptop on the left, a cup of steaming coffee in the middle, and a pot of small green plants on the right.
Generate an e-commerce advertisement for pet body wash: A wet cat is shaking its body, throwing water droplets everywhere, with a simple and bright background.
A snow-white Arctic fox was lying on the same snow-white snow, only its black nose and eyes were particularly conspicuous.
Generating a movie picture: a woman sitting alone by the window on the left side of the picture, looking at the rain-soaked city night view on the right side, which has the retro texture and rich color of Wong Kar-wai's movie.
In the surrealist photography style, a huge blue whale hovers quietly over the city, with neon streets below, moonlight shining on its smooth skin.
A clever cat wearing a Victoria detective hat is looking at the ground with a magnifying glass. There is a pool of water in front of it, shaped like a running rabbit.
A bronze statue of a tired traveler, moss and plants have grown on his boots and shoulders due to his long journey.
Generating picture: Astronaut found a blue rose in bud on Mars. Instead of picking it, he built a small glass cover for it to protect it.
Generating picture: An orange cat is on the right side of the screen. Because the parrot on its left mimics its barking, it angrily bends its back and prepares to pounce. Documentary photography style.
Please draw an animated illustration: In a crystal fish tank, a small orange goldfish is curiously holding the skull of a pirate captain.
Generated picture: In animation style, the famous Trojan horse is moving slowly, its wooden wheels squeaking on the stone road of the ancient city.
Three frogs in vests were playing cards on lotus leaves. One of them stretched out its front paw and was skillfully dealing cards for everyone.
A huge abandoned space station is floating in the nebula, and two small spacecraft are approaching it for exploration. It feels like a movie, cool colors, and a science fiction epic style.
Generated image: An alarm clock was so frustrated that it failed to wake up its owner. Its hands drooped and its face showed a sad expression.
Generating picture: In front of a huge anthropomorphic wardrobe, stands a mini anthropomorphic bedside table. There is no clothing hanging inside the wardrobe.
A car sculpture made of soft red velvet has hard steel wings growing on the body.
In front of the ruins of the Colosseum in ancient Rome, a historian pointed ahead and was explaining its structure to the students on the left, all wearing modern casual clothing.
A little girl hid under the table because she was afraid of thunder. Her three kittens felt the owner's fear and jumped onto the table with their backs bent and looked out of the window warily.
A weather APP UI design, due to the detection of rain, a square card in the kitten raised the lotus leaf umbrella, its body also turned blue.
A furry hamster sits in a transparent glass teacup covered with wood chips, National Geographic photography style.
In Cyberpunk style, a huge mechanical fox stands on the Great Wall. Its nine metal tails are brighter than the neon tower next to it, and its body is of uniform silver white.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic chess king dressed as Sherlock Holmes, the shorter pawn in front of him appears particularly nervous because he finds clues.
Inside the huge clock, a young man dressed in ancient costumes was walking along the rotating second hand. Below him was an intricate sea of brass gears.
A mobile APP loading page was generated. Because the battery was too low, a cartoon panda was anxiously chewing on a bamboo-shaped progress bar to charge the mobile phone.
Please create a picture: A red fox is looking up at the burning clouds in the sky. Because it feels that the shape and color of the clouds are very similar to its own, it also stretches its limbs in imitation of the clouds.
Create an image: Inside the huge transparent ecological dome, a robotic gardener is carefully pruning a strange glowing plant.
In the watercolor painting style, there are two antique keys, one large and the other small, in the center of the picture. They are tied together by a red ribbon and scattered next to several old coins.
Photo generated: In front of the ruins of the Colosseum in ancient Rome, a tourist wearing a spacesuit is reaching out with gloved hands and touching an ancient stone pillar. Behind him is a futuristic levitation motorcycle.
At the messy crime scene, a detective stood behind a table with an open briefcase on the table in front of him, and his partner checked behind him for bullet holes in the wall.
Please draw a picture: In a surrealist field, huge dandelions stand tall like trees, seeds are like little flying umbrellas, and a child is looking up at them below.
An astronaut stands in the red desert of an alien planet, his shadow longer than the distant mountains and stretching to the end of the horizon.
In the 3D animation, a crystal key was poking at a jelly treasure chest, which also contained another smaller jelly treasure chest.
Generating painting: A thirsty crow wants to drink water from a bottle, but can't reach it, so it cleverly throws small stones into the bottle one by one.
In Pixar animation style, a brown bear looked up at the sky. There was a white cloud that looked exactly like it, but it was not sleeping, but waving its claws curiously.
An anthropomorphic black cat, dressed in the costumes of an ancient Egyptian pharaoh, sits majestically on a golden throne, with a spectacular pyramid behind it.
Generated picture: On the left side of the screen, a Cyberpunk-style girl is doing a back flip; on the right side of the screen, a mechanical Doberman is looking down and sniffing the ground.
A bronze sculpture in the style of Rodin depicts a ballerina immersed in thought, graceful and powerful.
Draw a painting: the Great Wall of China, a section of which has been restored, in sharp contrast to the unfinished part next to it.
In Cyberpunk style, a skyscraper in a futuristic city exploded due to energy overload, and another similar building next to it was also affected, with smoke rising from the exterior wall.
In the steampunk style, an octopus wearing a monocle uses its eight mechanical tentacles to simultaneously play a huge brass pipe organ.
In the vast desert, the Pyramid of Giza in Egypt is facing a modern glass pyramid, and a laser is shot from one spire to another.
A petite girl was wearing a huge silhouette down jacket. The down jacket was almost twice the size of her body. It was in a street photography style and dynamic moments.
Generating picture: A fantasy city made of huge glowing books, with rivers of ink flowing on the streets, with a strong Ghibli animation style.
The Pyramid of Khufu in Egypt hangs in mid-air, and a huge shadow hangs over the modern city below.
Because a vinyl record has been played for a hundred years, the dense lines on its surface have become profound, looking like the annual rings of an ancient tree, recording the passage of time.
As the sky suddenly began to rain, a snail was slowly crawling under a huge, umbrella-shaped mushroom to hide.
Generating picture: A tall ballerina stands in the center of the stage, with a small figure wearing the same dance dress floating above her head.
Create a painting: In the foreground, a crystal vase and a ceramic bowl are placed side by side, their surfaces are carved with the same retro pattern.
Draw a picture: an anthropomorphic square alarm clock that is reaching out with a slender pointer hand to touch a size circular button smaller than itself, in the pop art style.
In the fantasy forest, a girl's hair flowed down like a waterfall and gathered on the ground to form a heart-shaped lake.
A knight in armor was struggling to hold a huge crystal heavier than himself and standing on a transparent glass platform suspended above the clouds.
A three-dimensional sculpture in the steampunk style, on the left side of the picture is a comedy mask of joy and laughter, and on the right side is a tragic mask of sadness and crying. The latter is one circle larger than the former.
Please draw a picture: In the center of the picture is a fox with butterfly wings, on the left is a tree full of glowing mushrooms, and on the right are several small planets floating.
Generated picture: On the left side of the screen, a bee made of gold is tapping a keyboard with its front feet; on the right side of the screen, a butterfly of the same material is doing the same thing.
A white-haired old carpenter stroked an old piece of wood with the same grain with wrinkled hands, and his eyes were full of warmth.
A thin astronaut wrestle arms with a strong ancient knight. The astronaut's arms are obviously thinner than the knight's, and the background is the broken starry sky.
An anthropomorphic terracotta army is arm-wrestling with the Statue of Liberty next to it. Its strength seems to be stronger than the Statue of Liberty.
The dashboard of a health tracking app has several circular charts showing steps, heart rate and sleep duration.
In the forest in the evening, because the bonfire was about to go out, a brown bear approached the tent and used its nose to open a backpack containing bread.
On the Wasteland Planet, a huge mechanical beast is using its giant claws made of steel to grasp the wreckage of a crashed alien spacecraft.
Documentary photography style, in the center of the picture is a winding river, on the left bank is dense forest, on the right bank is an open grassland, and in the distance are continuous snowy mountains.
Because the window was not closed, rainwater drifted into the room and wetted a letter on the desk in front of the windowsill, causing the ink to blur and blur.
An astronaut's helmet is not a human face, but a miniature ocean filled with colorful tropical fish swimming around.
A huge mechanical panda clings to the future Statue of Liberty, but instead of holding a torch, it holds a glowing energy sword, in a Cyberpunk style.
A city made up of countless abandoned clocks. Because all the hands point to midnight at the same time, the huge energy resonance causes the entire city to slowly float into the sky.
A huge sphere made up of countless brass gears. The gears are engaged with each other and are rotating slowly and heavily, driving the entire sphere to rotate.
Generate a photo: An ancient library, sunlight shines through stained glass windows and on dark brown oak bookshelves and brass railings, in the Harry Potter movie style.
On the left side of the picture, a huge apple is floating in the air, and a small fork is facing it on the right side, but there is no food residue on the fork.
In the surrealist oil painting style, in a forest made of glass, a floating gramophone is playing music, and sound waves form visible ripples on the tree trunk.
An ancient brass compass is placed on the left side of the screen, its pointer points to a red rose on the right side, and the metal surface of the compass also reflects the color of the rose.
A huge ice sculpture depicts two powerful lions standing side by side in front of a frozen throne with bubbles inside the ice cube.
In the foreground, a metallic pillow hangs, its sharp corners sharper than the huge marshmallow rock behind it.
Isaac Newton was sitting under the apple tree, lost in thought because of an apple that had just fallen in front of him, and his eyes showed a search for the laws of all things.
A robot made of worn gears and brass is using its sophisticated robot to assemble a miniature model similar to its own appearance, in a realistic movie stills style.
Documentary style photography shows a cheetah and an antelope facing each other nervously on the grassland. The two are far apart and are both observing each other's next move.
Create a picture: All the lights in the city have been extinguished due to the exhaustion of energy, but the jellyfish biota floating in the sky have not dimmed because of this, but instead give off a brighter light.
In a Cyberpunk-style runway show, the long dress on the model is composed of a digital waterfall. Because it shines brightly, the entire runway is dyed with dazzling colors.
National Geographic-style photography, in the Sahara Desert in the evening, huge sand dunes cast long shadows in the sunset, with a strong contrast between light and shadow.
The silhouette of a woman's side face made up of countless butterflies, her eyelashes are butterfly tentacles, the background is a broken mirror, surrealism.
In the steampunk style, a glazed octopus with a brass gramophone on its head perched on the ruins in the center of the ancient Roman Colosseum.
After the heavy rain, neon lights were reflected in the water in the city streets. Because the rain stopped, a ray of sunset began to appear in the distant sky.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a fox wants to eat the plump grapes on the vines, but because it doesn't jump high enough, it can't reach them.
Generate a photo: Still life photography style, a cluster of natural quartz crystals presenting an irregular polyhedral shape, with light penetrating its translucent interior.
Generating picture: A huge glass bottle hangs deep in the universe. The bottle contains a small ocean in which a whale is swinging its tail briskly.
A tired miner was sitting on the ground. Because he had dug up a precious diamond, he was carefully wiping it with rough fingers, in a bronze sculpture style.
Generating picture: An ancient brass compass is placed on a wooden table, its hands pointing in the opposite direction in horror because of a huge iceberg directly in front of it.
A woman was floating in mid-air. Below her was a calm lake reflecting her, and above her, there were many glowing geometric bodies floating.
In animation style, an anthropomorphic Mr. Mushroom plays guitar on the left side of the picture, and on his right is a frog wearing a top hat playing drums. There is a green field under their feet.
In the animation scene, a smiling astronaut floats in the foreground, behind him is a horrified alien, and a distant planet is exploding.
In the Cyberpunk animation style, a huge toothed city floating in the sky is on the left, and on the right is a steam airship much smaller than the city, slowly approaching.
Please generate a painting: a huge clock made of broken lenses and rusty gears, with an hourglass on the left and a melted candle on the right. As time goes by, the reflection in the mirror is distorted and blurred, in a Gothic horror style.
Due to the continuous drought, the river bed has completely dried up and cracked, so an abandoned small wooden boat was tilted and ran aground on the cracked mud ground.
An anthropomorphic glass hourglass wearing a futuristic tight-fitting dress woven with flowing light, the grains of sand are shining stars.
Please design a poster for a winter music festival with a fox carved from transparent ice cubes in a simple Nordic design style.
Generating a painting: A robed mage is drawing a complex magic circle in the air with his glowing fingers, in the Ukiyo-e style.
Please generate a picture: a huge castle made of candy, with a river flowing with chocolate on the left. The whole picture adopts a cute cartoon animation style.
A little hamster got into a glass bottle and ate nuts. Because it ate too fat, its stomach was stuck in the mouth of the bottle and couldn't come out. It looked very annoyed.
In the watercolor painting style, in the glass fish tank in the foreground, a little golden goldfish wearing a spacesuit looks out curiously. Behind the fish tank is the vast starry sky background.
A little boy curiously touched the wall of the futuristic exhibition hall. Because the wall sensed the touch, it instantly lit up with a dazzling starry sky pattern.
A Q version of the clay-style boy stands in the center of the picture, with a puppy on his left and a huge mushroom house on his right.
Generating picture: A girl with cat ears saw a stray kitten gorging on food, and she showed a distressed expression.
Generating picture: There is a cracked piggy bank on the right side of the screen, so the gold coins did not roll towards it, but instead piled on each other to form a hill on the left side of it.
In the steampunk studio, a robot made of brass gears is carefully wiping a mechanical bird also made of brass with a flannel in its hand.
Generating picture: On the left side of the screen, a little girl in an exquisite dress is standing quietly. She stretches out her hands and struggles to hug a brown teddy bear bigger than her.
The game character design shows an anthropomorphic cactus wearing a Mexican-style cape gently hugging a lost desert fox with his arms.
Generating picture: At the top of the Oriental Pearl Tower, an astronaut reaches out his right hand to touch the liquid metal cube floating in front of him.
Mexican painter Frida Caro stands in her garden, dressed in bright patterns of traditional costumes that echo the color of parrot feathers on distant branches.
Generating picture: An astronaut on a strange planet finds a friendly alien creature smiling and waving at him.
In a corner of the abandoned factory, there is a rusty robot head model, the light bulbs in its eyes flickering on and off, and the expression is sad. A butterfly gently rests on the tip of its nose.
A game character wearing a worn leather jacket stands above the ruins, a crow on his shoulder looking around warily.
Next to a huge red tomato is a small green bean. The tomato is much bigger than the green bean and has a cartoon style.
On the left side of the picture, a fox is quietly approaching a nest of rabbits under a tree on the right side, and the atmosphere is tense.
In the surrealist oil painting style, the man in the foreground and the woman in the distance both wear bird-shaped masks, and between them is a desert with clocks floating.
It was snowing heavily outside the window, but a woman felt extremely warm because she was sitting next to a burning fireplace, which looked like a movie.
A little girl picked up a glowing stone. Because she felt its warmth, she was no longer afraid of the darkness and held it tightly in her arms.
Generating image: A huge transparent jellyfish floats in space, containing a glowing city within its body. One astronaut reached out and tried to touch it, but did not wear gloves because the surface of the jellyfish was not cold.
A huge bronze key sculpture is inserted on the wall of the Great Wall. The key is larger than the beacon tower next to it.
In the Magic Forest Library, huge tree roots are wrapped in the shape of bookshelves, and a tiny elf points to a huge open book.
Generating picture: There is a chair in the center of an empty room, a small ball on the left side of the chair, and a mirror standing behind the chair.
In a forest carved out of transparent crystal, all crystal animals showed sad expressions, and one of the crystal deer was curled up with its head lowered and crying.
Generating picture: A crystal sphere is suspended directly above a huge clock. As it absorbs the passage of time, a gorgeous scene of the flow of stars appears in the sphere.
Please generate an advertising image: In the snow, a polar bear stands in front of an open refrigerator, looking longingly at the full of Coca-Cola bottles.
In the abandoned parking lot late at night, rows of cars were parked, each with its headlights on, and the beam penetrated the thick fog.
A still life oil painting with a crystal clear blue glass vase on the table with several bright red tulips inserted in it, with mottled light and shadow.
An anthropomorphic wooden chess king, trapped in a glass bottle because it craves power, is looking contemptuously at a much more ornate toy crown outside the bottle.
Create a painting: Under the Van Gogh starry sky, a UFO is quietly hovering above the Egyptian pyramid, facing each other from afar.
Please design an IP character for me: a teenager wearing a blue hoodie with a floating yellow elf on his right.
A huge elephant was followed by a small mouse. Instead of driving it away, it used its long trunk to roll up a leaf to shade it.
An armored knight on the left side of the screen raises his sword angrily, and a hooded mage on the right side of the screen calmly chants a spell in a Japanese animation style.
Because a crystal fox stole the moonlight, its fur became transparent and emitted a soft light. The whole picture was in a dreamy illustration style.
Generating picture: A lonely painter is sitting on the left side of the picture. Because he misses his lover too much, the starry sky he draws condenses into the lover's side face at the top right of the picture.
Cyberpunk illustration, at the bottom of the picture, a dragon made of neon data streams is winding around a building, with a rainy future city in the background.
In the hot desert, due to the extreme heat, all the clocks and pocket watches in the ruins melted into soft liquid metal.
In the dark forest, an innocent princess stood next to three heavily armored guards. She looked happy when she saw a small glowing creature, while the guards looked confused.
Inside an exquisite glass snowflake ball, a miniature model of the Eiffel Tower stands quietly, surrounded by three small silver stars shining.
There are three ballet dancers wearing similar white dance dresses, one of whom is spinning on tiptoes in the center of the stage, and the other two are in the same preparation pose behind her.
The detective opened the dusty wooden box and saw the yellowed old photo inside. His originally serious face was instantly filled with shock.
A warm afternoon study, with a wooden table and a cup of hot tea in the foreground, a comfortable chair in the middle view, and a window full of sunshine in the distant view.
A steampunk style mechanical owl sculpture with gears and clock patterns finely engraved on its metal wings.
In Cyberpunk style, the rain has just stopped, and the wet streets reflect colorful neon billboards, full of a sense of future.
Three scientists jointly won the Nobel Prize in Physics. For this major discovery, one of them excitedly raised his medal with joy.
Generate a picture: Please use a low-face polygon art style to represent a broken clock suspended in the air made of glass and light.
In the Louvre, a female tourist stands next to the painting of the Mona Lisa. Her smile is exactly the same as the mysterious smile of the person in the painting.
Please generate a picture: The window of a study room was open and a gust of wind blew in, causing documents on the desk to be scattered on the floor in the center of the room.
Next to a huge bronze statue of the Statue of Liberty, an artist, also cast in bronze, was climbing onto it, carefully polishing the details of the torch with a chisel.
Please create a clay sculpture with three little pigs standing side by side, their ears and tails pointed in the same direction.
Please design an interior renderings: A woman is sitting on a Ming-style armchair, and the entire room is futuristic design full of technology, showing a strong sense of contrast.
In a dark room filled with books and scrolls, the white-bearded old mage was teaching his young apprentice hand in hand how to drop a drop of shining liquid into a boiling crucible.
A crystal elephant sculpture with a miniature Egyptian pyramid wrapped inside its body. It did not step on the ground.
As the spacecraft ran out of power, an astronaut floated helplessly above the dilapidated Great Wall, with an escape capsule flashing with alarms to his left.
On the sunny grassland, a butterfly was flying among the flowers. Not far away, a kitten was lying on the ground, gazing at it curiously.
Photo generated: In a glass display case at the Metropolitan Museum in New York, an anthropomorphic old typewriter looks lonely and longingly looks out of the window, in a cinematic and realistic style.
A timid lion saw a little mouse. Instead of pouncing on it, it was so scared that it hid behind the stone and did not dare to come out.
Clay style, a heart-shaped music box with a rotating ballerina made of clear crystal standing on it.
Generating picture: depicts a steampunk style metal garden, with flowers made up of precision gears and clockwork, and butterflies are mechanical bodies made of brass.
A rusty metal robot was sitting in a corner. Because the crystal contained in its chest was cracked, its eyes had no light and were dimmer than the moonlight.
A Labrador wearing presbyopic glasses sits at a desk, its paws resting on an antique globe on the table.
A little boy wearing pajamas with a moon pattern printed on it was happily holding up a freshly baked five-pointed-pointed cookie.
In the user avatar selection interface of a pet social App, there is a Corgi in the round avatar box, its tongue sticking out, and the overall picture is cute flat illustration style.
Generated image: A boy is jumping happily in the room because he has just completed a jigsaw puzzle on the ground, and there is still a landscape oil painting hanging on the wall, the overall style of a warm picture book illustration.
Draw a picture: There is a scarecrow in the field, but the nearby sparrows are not afraid of it, but fly over its head in flocks.
On the sunny park grass, a golden retriever is happily rubbing its nose against a kitten's head.
A kitten found a ball of wool. It walked over carefully and gently fiddled with it with its paw.
On the street at night, the two detectives shared a black umbrella and stared at the crime scene in the rain, with serious expressions and the texture of movie stills.
Please draw a picture: a mechanical whale made of glass and brass is suspended in a huge glass fish tank. As it feels the music from the outside world, the gears in its body begin to rotate slowly, in the steampunk style.
Generating a picture: Draw a picture with a farmer wearing a straw hat in the foreground, a vast rice field in the middle, and several continuous green mountains in the far.
Two houses of similar architectural style stand side by side, their windows and doors forming funny faces of sadness or surprise.
A bright red apple hit Newton on the head, and he realized the law of universal gravity. A blue light bulb popped out of the top of the character's head. The overall style was Pixar animation.
Create a clay sculpture: A boy is squatting on the ground, showing a happier smile than the puppy because his cheek is licked by the puppy next to him.
A huge fox made of transparent glass contains a gorgeous nebula and twinkling stars inside its body.
On a white booth, there is a crystal apple on the left and a crystal pear on the right. They are all crystal clear.
In the ink painting style, a white goose in the pond is not swimming in the water, but is standing on a lotus leaf and stretching its neck to peck at a dragonfly in front of it.
A ballet dancer in a bright red dress spun gracefully on the stage dotted with red petals. She looked up at the red balloons falling in the sky.
In the ruins of an alien city, a huge crystal building is dim due to exhaustion of energy. The metal statue next to it is brighter than it, as if telling a different ending.
After the heavy rain, rainbows were reflected in the stagnant water in the ruins of the city, but there was not a drop of water on the teddy bear beside it because it was held tightly in the arms of its owner, making it look like a movie.
Generating image: Please draw a huge irregular diamond-shaped alien relic, quietly floating over the desert of the Red Planet, in a retro science fiction illustration style.
Close-up shows a woman wearing a silk qipao gently stroking a rotating vinyl record on a gramophone with her finger wearing a jade ring.
An Art Deco anthropomorphic ground-to-ground clock sculpture, made of obsidian and brass, stretches out hands made of hands, as if gracefully conducting a silent symphony.
Due to hunger, a fox carefully approached a lunch box abandoned by the roadside, his eyes full of vigilance and longing.
A beautiful antique pocket watch lies quietly on an open old book, its hands pointing exactly at three o'clock, in a retro film photography style.
Please draw a painting in the Ukiyo-e style. The center of the picture is a polar bear and behind it is the Great Wall of China.
A quaint wooden treasure chest was placed on the beach, its lid slightly open, and there was a rusty key inserted in the sand next to it.
In the center of the picture is a steaming teapot. On its left are two tea cups. All the porcelain on the table is covered with exquisite blue cracks.
Cyberpunk-style future Shanghai night view, huge glowing jellyfish floating next to the Oriental Pearl Tower, but there are no pedestrians on the streets.
Image generated: Due to the sudden drop in global temperatures, heavy snow fell in the Sahara Desert, and the huge sand dunes were completely covered with white snow, showing a cold and magnificent scene.
In the Art Deco hotel lobby, a peacock proudly unfolds its tail screen because it sees its own emerald and royal blue reflection on the black marble floor.
After the heavy rain, there was no one above the wet street, except for a street lamp staring at the ground, its yellow light being pulled into a long distorted reflection in the stagnant water.
An Eiffel Tower made up of countless open books, it does not stand in Paris, but hangs in a nebula, in a surrealist oil painting style.
In the Ghibli animation style, a little fox widened its eyes in the forest and opened its mouth slightly, showing an expression of disbelief and surprise.
In a waste-earth-style doomsday scene, the wreckage of a huge robot was half-hidden in the desert. The rusty metal shell was covered with vines, and in the distance was a dim yellow sky.
In a clay miniature scene, a miniature figure is holding his back against the right side of the tower for fear of the collapse of the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
A public welfare poster shows an anthropomorphic polar bear sitting on a melting glacier imitating the thinker's pose, with a sad expression.
Please design a game character: the historical figure Cleopatra. Her arms are translucent glazed and her body is quietly suspended in mid-air.
Generated image: A violinist sits in a backstage room. He does not celebrate because of a mistake in the performance, but instead holds the violin in disappointment.
In the evening under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, a retro red Citroen 2CV sedan parked on the roadside next to a stylish white electric scooter.
A retro futuristic city poster with floating cars shuttling between neon skyscrapers, with warm colors.
Generated image: On the left side of the screen, a tall knight wearing silver armor; on the right side of the screen, a short mage holding a glowing staff.
Generating a picture: A kitten at the lower left of the picture finds a starfish floating in the sky at the upper right. Because this violates the law of gravity, the kitten stares at it in confusion.
Generating picture: A huge polar bear stands on the Great Wall, looking down at a tiny ant at its feet.
In the watercolor painting style, an anthropomorphic teapot gentleman is looking down at the teacup in a box on the table in front of him.
A floating transparent cube contains a pink miniature desert and a green cactus tree in the foreground, but there is no sun in the scene.
Late at night on the street corner, an anthropomorphic red fire hydrant had its head lowered and its body was rusted. A clear pool of water flowed out of its feet, reflecting the neon light of the city.
A chimpanzee wearing a painter's beret is holding a paintbrush and imitating Leonardo da Vinci's style, drawing a portrait of Mona Lisa on a drawing board.
Generate a picture: a wooden spacecraft that is not propelled by flames, but is dragged in flight by a huge butterfly, Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
Because it was soaked by rain, the pages of an old book that was unfolded transformed into a hand, desperately trying to erase the faint ink on the paper, making the scene feel like a movie.
In a spacious living room, a wooden table is placed in the center. On the left side of the table is a vase and on the right side are three books.
Documentary photography, two players in red uniforms were hugging and celebrating because they won the game, while an opponent in blue uniforms behind them lowered his head in disappointment.
The sunset outside the window was as bright as fire, and a painter was inspired by it. He jumped up excitedly and waved a paintbrush in front of the huge canvas.
Please generate a picture: There is a curious deer in the foreground, with a brown bear not far behind it, and a flock of sheep lying on the hillside further away.
In the oil painting, a brown bear found a beehive. Instead of immediately stealing honey, it watched the bees coming in and out of curiosity.
Generated image: An exquisite white porcelain teacup painted with blue and white porcelain patterns, filled with sticky black engine oil, close-up.
Generate a photo: An astronaut, dizzy from staying in weightlessness for too long, is holding on to the bulkhead of the International Space Station, behind him the blue earth outside the gunship window.
On the winding Great Wall, two cranes fly gracefully. In the distance are rolling mountains and animated scenes full of oriental charm.
A huge fan appeared next to the Leaning Tower of Pisa. The strong wind it generated actually blew the Leaning Tower straight. Tourists around them watched in surprise.
The magician sat dejectedly at the failure of his performance, the playing cards at his feet scattered into a perfect circle.
In the ink painting style, a red-crowned crane stands still on the misty shoal of the lake, behind it are several fuzzy distant mountains.
In an abandoned library, the books did not rot, but instead grew crystal clear, which reflected light into the images of the stories in the book.
In a quiet corner of the library, there is an empty chair in front of the bookshelf. Next to it is a small floor lamp, exuding warm light and flat illustration style.
An ancient copper compass pointed to the non-existent north, and a bright starry sky appeared on the glass surface of the compass, with a surrealist style.
The sun was about to set, and the last ray of sunlight passed through the forest, casting long, mottled tree shadows on the wet forest ground.
In a modern office, a pot of green plants grows crazily due to the abundant sunshine. Its leaves are even bigger than the computer monitor in the foreground, and the vines climb up the back wall.
Generating picture: On the streets of a future city, a police dog wearing a mechanical exoskeleton stands on its legs like a human being and assumes a standard gun-aiming posture.
In the Ghibli style, a glass dome covers a fantasy city suspended in the air, and the buildings in the city are like glowing crystals.
In a futuristic retro style, a knight wearing gorgeous mechanical armor, holding a glowing energy sword, stands alone on the throne of the abandoned space station.
On the lush grass, a red panda is sticking its head out from behind a dwarf tree and curiously using its front paws to touch the butterfly parked on the grass in front of it.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a geisha looks sad due to a long wait. Her kimono is made of silk, and the patterns on it are similar to the landscape paintings on the screen next to it.
In National Geographic photography style, polar bears on an ice floe that breaks off due to climate warming stare blankly at the vast ocean.
Please draw a timid lion. When it saw a small mouse, it was so scared that it hid behind a sunflower, showing only frightened eyes.
A public welfare poster about environmental protection. The main body is a planet made of transparent glass. Its interior is not land and ocean, but full of floating gears and clocks.
Create a picture: In a city made of used parts, a robot is walking with great strides, with a clock tower standing quietly behind it.
Please generate a picture: There are two trees in a garden. One tree has no leaves. It is shorter than the leafy tree next to it, but their trunks are similar in shape.
A simple logo design, the silhouette of a small fish is completely contained in a transparent water drop outline, with a flat style.
A fluffy little squirrel was facing a huge crystal walnut. It did not try to bite it, but just looked at it curiously.
Black-and-white documentary photography shows an old lady with a wrinkled face, kneading dough attentively by the kitchen window, looking peaceful.
Photography Art, a blue drop-shaped anthropomorphic candle, looks like it is crying sadly because it is melting.
A white jade sculpture of an angel hangs on a broken ancient Roman column. She has no wings behind her, but is surrounded by countless floating geometric halos.
Generating pictures: Because the pet puppy jumped up excitedly to reach the snacks in her hand, the woman showed a doting smile on her face and reached out to gently stroke the puppy's head. The overall advertising photography style was bright and clean.
An anthropomorphic bookcase made up of many old books is wriggling along the library floor like a caterpillar.
Generating picture: A huge toy mouse scares a kitten, but instead of running away, it curiously stretches out its claws to test the big guy.
An anthropomorphic white ceramic teapot is crying sadly because its body is empty, and right behind it stands a green jar full of tea leaves.
Create a painting: Warm fairy tale picture book style. In the center of the picture, a fox wearing glasses is not reading a book, but uses an open book as an umbrella to hide from the rain.
The two metal gears are tightly meshed together, and the surface of one gear is inlaid with a bright ruby.
Pixar animation style, in the exhibition hall of Qin Shihuang's Terracotta Warriors and Horses, a Terracotta Warriors suddenly moved because it had to tie the loose laces of its sneakers on its feet.
A polar bear sculpture carved from transparent crystal gently looks at a baby penguin under its feet, while the penguin looks up and looks back curiously.
Baroque interior decoration, gorgeous gold carvings, complex murals and velvet curtains, the picture is full of drama and luxury.
On the welcome interface of a pet social App, a golden retriever grinned as it excitedly pours towards the user in front of the screen.
In animation style, the young Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun is curiously studying a holographic projection globe from the future.
Due to the sudden power outage in the city, the Eiffel Tower was not lit at night, but instead showed a cold steel outline under the moonlight.
In the winter courtyard of the ink-painted style, because of the cold weather, a kitten curled up under a plum tree to keep warm, and the pond next to it was covered with a layer of thin ice.
Generating painting: Moonlight shines on the quiet lake, and all the trees by the lake tilt towards the east. Their curved reflections are very similar to the outline of the mountains on the horizon.
Generated image: As the magic crystal becomes dimmer, a huge floating island is slowly sinking. Beneath it is another similar island, Hayao Miyazaki animated style.
The Gothic-style bronze statue of a knight is placed in a huge glass display case, and his armor is engraved with exquisite patterns.
In the center of the picture, a man is sitting at a desk working. On his left is a lit desk lamp, on his right is a bookshelf, and a landscape painting hangs on the background wall.
In Pixar animation style, an anthropomorphic ceramic teapot man stood on the left, handing hot tea in his hand to a shy sunflower on the right, and the sunflower was secretly looking at him.
In the evening, a naive panda is sitting on the Great Wall with a basket of bamboo in front of it and a red kite floating in the distant sky.
The Eiffel Tower is made of crystal clear glass. Strange glowing plants grow inside the tower, floating among the vast cosmic nebulae.
On the left side of the picture, an anthropomorphic street lamp lowered its head because of the loneliness of the night, so it projected its light onto the wall on the right, drawing the shadow of a kitten to accompany it, in a warm illustration style.
In the ring, a muscular man easily lifted a huge stone lock, while the thin opponent opposite him used magic to suspend an anvil heavier than the stone lock.
In the animation scene, a little boy stood in front of the cave in surprise. There were two crystals in the cave, one brighter than the other. They both emitted a similar blue light to the magic ball floating in the boy's hand.
In the Ukiyo-e style, an anthropomorphic fox found that the teacup in front of him was empty. Instead of pouring tea, he picked up a brush and drew a new teacup on the screen behind him.
A huge metal cube hangs in the center of the city, surrounded by many smaller glowing spheres, in a Cyberpunk style.
A humanoid robot with a plant heart. Because the heart grows vigorously, its metal shell is covered with moss, and the light of the heart is brighter than the three satellites in the sky.
A pair of twin sisters wearing the same plaid skirts simultaneously threw fallen leaves into the air in the autumn park, with a surprised and happy expression on their faces.
A white-haired old carpenter was focusing on polishing a heart-shaped wood carving, and wood chips flew everywhere.
A mage wearing a starry robe was floating in the air, using his telekinesis to control several ancient magic books to spin around him.
Generating picture: In front of the abandoned spacecraft, a humanoid robot looks sad because of damaged parts. Another robot next to it does not repair it, but gently embraces it.
Pixar animation style, a panda in overalls is standing on a ladder, repairing a steampunk spacecraft anchored on the Great Wall.
On the surface of the strange planet formed by crystal mountains, purple rivers flow slowly, and two huge planets with clear patterns are hanging in the sky.
A city made of huge books, the streets are filled with rivers made of ink, and small figures of paper walk on the streets.
A huge metal cube hangs above the deserted planet. Its surface is not smooth, but is covered with complex light-emitting circuits.
In the Cyberpunk style, a gladiator wearing ancient Roman armor rides a giant mechanical eagle to fly rapidly between buildings in a future city.
The Egyptian pyramid group stands quietly in the desert, but the tower body is made of sophisticated blue circuit boards, and a camel stops to stare.
A brand new glass bridge spans the canyon, and the older wooden bridge next to it is covered with moss because no one is walking.
A pair of anthropomorphic wood carving salt and pepper shakers, with similar gentlemen's hats and round figures, stood side by side on the table.
A fox covered in crystals was sitting in the glowing mushroom forest, looking up at the two purple moons in the sky.
A small clay person who was crying was soaked with tears, and the clay color on his cheeks became darker than other places.
Photography: On the left side of the picture is a man wearing the same windbreaker, and on the right side is a woman wearing a similar windbreaker. The two are standing side by side on the street in the rain.
Generate a photo: a lonely red umbrella abandoned on a wet street after the rain, in a minimalist photography style.
A mechanical elephant cast in bronze was activated because a butterfly stopped on its nose and slowly raised its nose.
A huge whale is swimming in the sea of clouds. There is a dense forest growing on its back. Several crystal-transparent birds are shuttling through the forest, in a surrealist oil painting style.
On the left side of the picture, a fox is stretching and yawning, and on the right is the iconic Eiffel Tower, in the style of Impressionist oil painting.
An anthropomorphic fox wearing a chef's hat is wagging its tail. It is standing on the left side of the chopping board, and on the right is a pile of fresh vegetables.
Generated image: An old wooden biplane hangs below a huge mechanical clock. In front of the plane is a huge round glass window, with a cinematic and realistic style.
Please draw: An anthropomorphic tea cup is packed in a box, and it and the teapot and saucer next to it all show sad expressions.
In a future city carved out of crystal, high-rise buildings shine with colorful lights in the sun, and there is no one above the streets.
In the main picture of the pet shower gel e-commerce, next to a muddy dog, there is a companion with white and fluffy hair and a size larger than it.
In the center of the crystal cave, there is a huge glowing tree made of starlight. The roots penetrate into the silver river underground, and the treetops touch the colorful gems at the top of the cave.
Please generate a picture: a man with a crescent shaped head. He has no facial features on his face, and his skin is like the night sky, in a fairy tale picture book style.
A woman stood in the castle wearing a gorgeous Baroque dress, the complex patterns of her dress strikingly similar to the patterns of the tapestry on the wall behind her.
Please create a Baroque-style figure sculpture. A young girl looked horrified. She stretched out her hands as if resisting a group of glowing butterflies flying towards her.
Because it had just rained, in the simple courtyard, there were shallow puddles on the stone table. In front of it, an open oilpaper umbrella fell to the ground, in the style of ink painting.
Deep in the silent forest, a stream made of starlight is gently washing the ancient stone statue covered with moss.
Photo generated: Because of the heavy rain, pedestrians on the road crowded under a small eaves to avoid the rain, pushing each other.
There were a group of students sitting in the classroom who were taking exams, and all of them had a red apple on their desks.
The documentary footage shows a huge adult cheetah and a much smaller cub lurking side by side on the withered grassland.
In the Japanese anime style, a girl in a school uniform carefully held up three newborn kittens with her hands.
Generating picture: At the night view of a future city, huge geometric clouds in the sky are projecting colorful beams of light towards the skyscrapers below.
A heart-shaped clay rabbit sculpture sits on a square base. It raises its head with a curious expression.
An anthropomorphic antique clock opens its chest and uses white-gloved fingers to carefully adjust the complex toothed heart inside.
Generating picture: A mother brown bear is holding the back of a bear in her mouth and carrying it from one side of the stream to the other.
An environmentally themed poster shows a flattened plastic bottle on the left and a green sprout growing from the bottle opening on the right.
In the conceptual design of the game's character, an elderly mage did not carry any weapons, but because his knowledge of magic was more profound than the books in the library, his aura was stronger than that of a young soldier.
An anthropomorphic cactus, covered with cat-like soft white fluff rather than thorns, is waving its arms happily.
In the steampunk style, a mechanical octopus sits in the cockpit, one tentacle controls the control stick, and the other tentacle points to the floating star map in front of it.
Generate a screenshot of the interface of the learning APP: Because a girl answered the questions correctly continuously, her personal avatar smiles even brighter than the avatar at the top of the list next to her.
A huge whale made up of countless blue butterflies is bigger than the sailboat on the right, which is quietly watching it.
Against the backdrop of Saturn's rings, a huge ancient biomass-based alien mothership is next to a much smaller, smoother human exploration spacecraft.
A huge mushroom with human arms holds an Eiffel Tower in its glass fungus cover. One hand is carefully wiping the glass and the other hand points to the moon in the sky.
Seeing apples fall vertically from the tree, young Newton sat under the tree, deep in thought, behind him was a vast field.
A statue of a warrior cast in bronze has copper rust flowing like tears on the surface of the statue because a beating heart is sealed inside.
In an abandoned amusement park, horses on a merry-go-round showed sad expressions, and the overall style of faded film photography.
A magnificent magic library with bookshelves made up of towering ancient trees, and huge tree holes inlaid with glowing study rooms and winding stairs.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a crystal fox drank magic river water, and its tail turned into a glowing and perfect spiral shape.
Photography: Because of her friend's patient guidance, the girl focused on putting together the triangular puzzle on the table. Her friend's hand was on her shoulders, and behind them were two similar chairs.
Under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, in the lively market, the roofs of many triangular stalls form an interesting echo with the steel structure of the tower.
An Egyptian pyramid carved out of crystal has two pieces of cheese placed at the top, but there is no desert or camel element in the background.
On the blue sea, the surfer on the left successfully rode the huge wave. He looked back at his friend on the right who had just fallen from the wave.
A crystal fox is staring at a puddle. Although the reflection is a flying bird, there is no expression of surprise on its face. High-contrast photography.
In a fantasy forest made of crystals, a surprised blue fox is gently touching a huge mushroom emitting purple light with its paws, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
A father and son who looked alike, wearing identical striped T-shirts and jeans, were simultaneously playing football on the grass.
An anthropomorphic old desk lamp, dejected because the light bulb broke, sits alone in the corner of a dusty desk, Pixar animation style.
A clever border shepherd saw his owner cutting onions and crying. He thought his owner was crying, so he took a white cloth that looked like a handkerchief in his mouth.
Generated image: An astronaut is standing on an alien planet. He is not wearing a helmet and is looking in amazement at the glowing plants floating around him.
In the center of the picture, a girl in a gorgeous red robe is standing on tiptoes, trying to tidy up the bow tie for her taller brother, who is wearing a simple blue short coat, because she thinks his brother is more handsome today than usual.
The game scene design shows a mechanical fox with butterfly wings jumping over a lava river in front of it to chase the ghosts on the other side.
On the wooden table in the room, a glass vase contained a withered rose. Because of its wither, several petals fell on the table.
After the storm, a gorgeous rainbow hangs above the still surging waves, and the dark clouds in the sky have not yet completely dissipated.
A knight's badge logo. His helmet was not a human face, but a bright starry sky, silhouetted style.
Generating picture: A humanoid fossil figure made of rough rock, not still, but carefully feeding a bird in the forest.
Generating a painting: A painter wearing a spacesuit saw the brilliant aurora of an alien planet, and the paint on his drawing board began to glow, in a Cyberpunk style.
A ray of sunlight passed through the dilapidated window and illuminated a glass butterfly sitting on a rusty metal workbench, making its wings shine, making it a retro film-inspired photography.
On the snow, a fiery red fox leaped up with all its strength to capture a blue butterfly. It was a dynamic moment, in the Ukiyo-e style.
Generating pictures: Please create a clay sculpture depicting a strong adult man and a thin little boy wrestling arms, creating a huge contrast in strength.
A red toy sports car was parked on the left side of the wooden floor, and a much larger cat on the right was carefully pushing it away with its paws because it was afraid of the sudden rolling thing.
A programmer wearing a blue hoodie is sitting in front of the computer, behind him is a blue data stream flowing upward, in a minimalist line logo style.
Although a broken ceramic vase can no longer hold water, a cluster of colorful mushrooms tenaciously grows out of the cracks, digitally painted.
In a crystal clear glass sculpture, the sister looked gently at her sister, who was wearing similar dresses.
In the Impressionist style, a lonely kerosene lamp stands on the windowsill, its flames swaying gently, and the silent snowy night outside the window.
On a street corner in heavy rain, a man in a suit did not hold an umbrella. Instead, he raised his head and opened his arms, as if embracing the entire sky.
Generated picture: Hayao Miyazaki animation style, the close-up view shows a boy in a straw hat, looking at the huge whale floating in the air in the middle view, and the distant view shows the cascading clouds of clouds.
In the new Chinese-style teahouse, two elegant scholars dressed in plain Han costumes sit opposite each other and play Go in the foreground. One person is holding a black spot and is about to land. The background is a round moon door and hazy bamboo shadows.
In the fantasy forest in the evening, glowing mushrooms illuminate the moist moss, and a crystal-transparent fox carefully jumps over the murmuring stream.
Under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, a anthropomorphic alarm clock is anxiously looking at a sleeping gentleman. Since it cannot make a sound, it can only reach out its pointer and poke him gently.
Because of the hot weather, a little girl wearing a straw hat was anxiously holding a huge lotus leaf to block the sun for the melting snowman she had built.
On a rainy night on a city street corner, the ground is slippery and reflects light. No car or person can be seen. Only lonely street lights and convenience store signs are shining.
A thirsty crow found that the water in the bottle was too shallow to drink, so it picked up the small stones next to it into the bottle one by one to raise the water level.
A huge cube made of unknown metal hangs above the city of Cyberpunk, with a glowing stream of data flowing on its surface.
In the quiet courtyard in autumn, a gust of wind had just passed, so the stone lanterns and the ground were covered with a thick layer of red maple leaves, like a gorgeous carpet.
In a cyberpunk-style futuristic city, a man stands on the left side of the picture, with a blue holographic screen floating in front of him, but there is no expression on his face.
An anthropomorphic melancholy cloud shed rainbow-colored tears and stared at the earth because it could not touch the distant sun.
After completing the software guidance task, a young user laughed happily, and a celebration ribbon also popped up on the interface.
In watercolor style, a hungry fox in the forest discovered the rabbit in front of him, but the rabbit did not escape. Instead, it tilted its head and looked at the fox curiously.
Leonardo da Vinci stood next to the crystal aircraft he designed, but instead of preparing to take off, he was using a glowing tablet to modify Mona Lisa's smile.
A young female model, wearing a white silk shirt and black trousers, stood in a minimalist gray studio, holding a latest smartphone for display, in a high-end commercial advertising style.
In Disney's classic 2D animation style, a happy rabbit is tiptoeing to put a wreath on a large, grumpy badger.
Please draw: A female designer is in the studio, admiring her freshly completed poster work, using a bright and fresh Japanese illustration style.
Generating picture: A glass bottle filled with magma. Due to the high temperature, the stopper has melted and magma is flowing out of the bottle.
Please draw a cyberpunk-style fashion design. Because a model is wearing a transparent raincoat embedded with luminescent chips, her figure is particularly eye-catching in the city on a rainy night.
Generate a picture: Design a T-shirt with a small red love embroidery on the left chest and a blue five-pointed star printed on the right sleeve.
A man saw an ancient statue exactly like himself in a museum. Due to this strange coincidence, his face showed a horrified expression, in the style of retro film.
Surrealist painting shows a floating city made up of countless hexagonal beehives with a triangular moon hanging in the sky.
Cyberpunk-style Cleopatra is stroking the mechanical Sphinx next to her, its electronic eyes flashing blue.
In the retro film photography style, an anthropomorphic terracotta army general is distracted by seeing pigeons in the distance, causing the bronze sword in his hand to tilt slightly.
A giant sculpture carved from white clouds depicts two giants. Because they lost a bet, one of them had to take out his heart and give it to the other.
In the corner of an abandoned factory, sunlight shines through broken windows, illuminating rusty metal pipes and dusty concrete floors.
A marble sculpture, the tired king sitting on the throne, the crown on his left, but he ignored it and was reaching out with his right hand to stroke a small flower on the armrest of the throne.
Please draw: In the Museum of the Future, because the original Mona Lisa painting has been destroyed, an astronaut is operating on the left side, and a holographic image of the painting is projected inside the transparent glass cover on his right side.
In the center of the picture, three anthropomorphic mushrooms wearing the same suspenders stand side by side. The mushroom on the far left is shorter than the two on the right.
An anthropomorphic figure made of many old newspapers was sitting on a park bench, looking sadly at his slightly damaged hands made of newspapers.
Please create a clay-style sculpture with a man wearing a hat standing on the left side of the frame, and a low pine tree on his right.
A crystal clear crystal sculpture, on the left is a blooming lotus flower, and on the right is a hand in a caring posture, but it does not touch the flower.
Generating pictures: A detective stared at the map on the wall. As he figured out all the clues, an orange cat on the table in front of him seemed to sense the owner's excitement and began to chase its own tail. The film was realistic and realistic.
One logo design shows a snake-shaped key being inserted into the keyhole of a bird cage. As it tries to break free, the snake body of the key wiggles violently outside the keyhole.
Pixar animation style, a squirrel wearing a spacesuit excitedly chased a floating nut on the weightless lunar surface.
In the cartoon, a little fox dances in the forest clearing, and a little squirrel looks at it curiously from a distant branch.
Please generate a cosmetics e-commerce advertising scene: a bottle of perfume is placed in the center of a smooth black slab and a rose on the left side, but no green leaves should appear in the picture.
On a coral reef floating in the stars, all marine life, from whales to clownfish, is made up of glowing neon tubes.
A boy wearing pilot goggles was riding a snail bigger than a house, leaping through the sea of clouds like dolphins.
Flat illustration style, a red fox with a confused expression, but it does not have a big fluffy tail and the background is solid.
Generating picture: In a Bauhaus-style reading room, two readers are wearing the same color as the geometric bookshelf behind them, one on the sofa in front and the other next to the bookshelf in the back.
Although several Russian-style onion dome have different colors and patterns, they all uniformly present a unique round top and shine with a golden light.
A high-tech ball dress becomes intense due to the rhythm of music, and the optical fiber lines on the skirt also flash brighter and faster.
In the flat illustration style, a young barista is focusing on making an exquisite latte with his hands.
On the huge chessboard, anthropomorphic king's chess pieces stood in front of the queen, pointing the scepter in their hands to the enemy camp in the distance.
An astronaut stood on the barren surface of Mars and looked in confusion at the rocks in front of him, because a vibrant green grass tree had grown on the rocks.
There is a white marble group portrait. In the foreground is a sitting old man, with a boy standing behind him and a girl standing behind him on the right.
Generate an environmentally themed poster: the earth shows a miserable expression, its body is covered with cracks, and the background is gray industrial ruins.
Please generate a picture: a anthropomorphic alarm clock standing on the bedside table, behind it is a bright window, and in front of it is a messy quilt.
A huge alien obelisk stands in the red desert, engraved with glowing blue runes, next to a crashed, rusty old spacecraft.
Please generate an animated scene showing a huge library suspended above a sea of clouds, with books flowing out of the windows like a waterfall, in Tim Burton's Gothic fantasy style.
The future is now and you are already obsolete.
Because of the sudden stop of the rainstorm, a little girl in a colorful raincoat stood in a transparent telephone booth. She pointed in surprise to the huge double-layered rainbow appearing in the sky outside the booth.
A robot sculpture welded from recycled metal parts has a longer and thicker left arm than its right arm.
A logo design holds an unfolded book in one hand, and the pages are shaped like an eagle spreading its wings, with the left wing being larger than the right wing.
A little girl in a silver spacesuit floats in a galaxy of colored candies, with a giant pink donut planet below her.
The game monster design shows a giant wolf wearing broken metal armor. Its hair is burning blue flames, roaring in the ruins of the broken castle.
A female statue made of countless pieces of stained glass, her skirt spread out like a waterfall, forming a gorgeous circular base.
Isaac Newton was sitting under an apple tree with a glowing light bulb falling from it. Inspired by this, a similar, brighter ball of light appeared above his head.
The sun in the sky turned into a huge magnifying glass, so the entire city made of crystals began to melt, and the streets turned into flowing glass rivers.
An old golden retriever was lying on the grass and looked gently at a kitten chasing butterflies not far away. The picture was warm and in the style of a picture book illustration.
In a futuristic indoor space, the ceiling is a flowing galaxy, and a similar transparent hibernation cabin is suspended in the center and right side of the ground.
In a flat illustration style, there is an orange cat in the foreground of the room, and a small white cat lies in the carton in the background. The volume of the orange cat looks larger than the entire carton.
In the surrealist style, a faceless man poses similar to the Statue of Liberty, holding high a huge pentagram shaped object.
A logo that combines mountains with unfolded books. The outlines of the pages form continuous mountains, with a flat design style.
A girl made of transparent glass was suspended in the air in surprise. As she saw a mechanical butterfly flying from afar, a smile appeared on her smooth cheeks.
In the Ghibli animation style, a little girl in a blue dress sits on a grass full of wild flowers, looking up at the summer clouds.
In the black and white documentary photography style, a crystal clear glass is placed on the right side of a heavy leather book on an old wooden desktop.
An antique music box was opened, and as the music had stopped, the lights in the miniature glass city were flashing and going out.
The astronaut's image of Shakespeare, not his head in his helmet, but the entire universe with a rotating nebula, is sitting on a meteorite writing sonnets.
Design a pet charity poster, showing a smiling girl squatting on the grass, a puppy excitedly pouncing into her arms, using a warm and healing illustration style.
In a forest made of candies, there are five lions with diamond teeth. Their manes, like the grass around them, are all rainbow colored marshmallows.
In the watercolor illustration style, a magician wears white gloves on both hands and gently taps a floating playing card with his left index finger, which is much larger than the entire stack of cards he holds in his right hand.
Photo generated: Due to the unusually warm weather in the Antarctic, a group of emperor penguins opened their mouths in surprise. To their left is a melting iceberg.
The outline of the continuous mountain peak is very similar to the ECG waveform lines next to it, and the overall design is an icon of an outdoor health brand.
A retro Orient Express is traveling on the Glenfinnan Viaduct in the Scottish Highlands. An old car is parked on the dirt road below. The steam from the train floats towards the car, with a cinematic realism.
Generating picture: A city built of candies and cookies. There is a chocolate river running through the center of the city, and marshmallow clouds hang above the river.
A street performer who imitates Chaplin, with funny movements like a penguin walking, no smile on his face, a focused look, and a documentary black and white photography style.
A forest made of huge paintbrushes, because it had just experienced a storm, and colorful paint streams flowed on the ground.
The Great Wall transformed into a winding dragon made of huge sushi rolls, perched among the mountains with the sunset in the background.
Generated image: A man ate too much chili peppers, his head turned into a flaming volcano, but his expression was very happy.
Generating image: A smart octopus, with eight tentacles, is playing a black piano with three of its hands, and conducting a choir of colorful jellyfish with the other five hands.
Generating picture: A fox sits dejectedly by the fence on the left side of the picture because he failed to steal the chicken. On the right side is an empty chicken coop. Ghibli animation style.
A woman wearing a metallic dress stood with two plastic models of different sizes and similar looks to her.
A cubic crystal grows bigger than the pyramid crystal next to it because it absorbs more sunlight. It also proudly jumps like a frog, provoking each other.
Please generate a long-exposure photographic photo with a huge rock bigger than a car in the foreground, but there is no moon in the night sky in the background, only stars in the sky.
In a huge circular bookshelf, a heavy encyclopedia appears extremely small because the bookshelf is too grand, and the overall appearance is a simple logo icon.
A cute IP image of a rice ball with a piece of salmon on its head and a pair of wooden chopsticks on its left.
The game scene design shows a clever fox standing in front of an open treasure chest. Because it unlocked the mechanism, the magic runes above the treasure chest have been extinguished.
In a children's bedroom, the only window was blocked by a huge toy cabinet, leaving the entire room dark, with only a small night light in the center of the carpet lit.
In the Impressionist style, an old painter stared at his unfinished paintings. He was not satisfied, but his eyes were empty because his inspiration was exhausted.
Please draw a giant turtle with butterfly wings. Its shell contains a prosperous city, but no humans can be seen in the city.
Please design: An anthropomorphic peacock model, wearing a haute couture dress, is proudly opening its screen, its skirt unfolding like a peacock's tail feather.
A gardener saw that the flowers she had carefully cared for had finally blossomed. She felt relieved and happy, and a proud smile appeared on her face.
In steampunk style, the brass clock on the table stopped running because the vial at the top of it broke and the liquid flowing out caused the gears below to rust.
Next to the bronze statue of loyal dog Hachiko, an Akita dog sits quietly, as if waiting for its owner, against the busy intersection of Shibuya, Tokyo in the background.
Generating picture: In a pop-up interface for game achievements, a cartoon girl's avatar is in the center of the gold medal. She is opening her eyes wide in surprise due to the unlocking of rare achievements.
In front of the Egyptian Pyramid, a cat wearing a spacesuit is leisurely drinking coffee in the style of a Ghibli animated movie.
A little girl shrank and fell into her toy box in panic after she knocked over a magic potion, Pixar animation style.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a huge cactus dances tango in the middle of the desert. To its left, a shy moon is quietly watching.
Generate a picture: Please draw a picture. An eagle is circling at the top of the picture, a tiger is staring ahead in the center of the picture, and a fox is looking around in the lower left corner of the picture.
Create a photo: In the foreground, an astronaut is dancing ballet on the inverted Eiffel Tower spire against a star-studded crimson universe.
A clay sculpture of a little girl standing in front of a skewed bell tower with the hands of the bell tower pointing behind her, in a surrealist style.
In the animation scene, in the forest, a white rabbit stands on the left side of a puddle. It looks confused at the black reflection in the puddle that looks just like itself.
A crystal is suspended in front of a metal gear, with no unnecessary decorations in the background, and a minimalist icon design.
Please design an interface for a weather application. The protagonist is a chameleon. It will change its color and skin texture according to the current weather and adopt a flat design style.
Generate a picture: Please draw two identical mechanical whales, swimming in a steampunk style sea of clouds.
Generate a picture: Draw physicist Albert Einstein, in his office in Princeton, pointing to the famous mass-energy equation E=mc on the blackboard.
A fox whose body is composed of nebulae and stars is gracefully walking in the ancient forest. The picture adopts an ethereal fantasy art style.
A fox made of crystal exudes soft light from swallowing a glowing moon fragment. It is sticking its head out from behind a pile of ancient books. The overall style is a dream illustration.
An ancient ground-to-ground clock has grown branches and green leaves due to its age, and the hands of the clock have also changed into the shape of branches.
An ancient parchment map was laid flat on the table, with a glass hourglass placed on the left side. Because the sand in the hourglass had leaked out, the city mark on the map went out.
A clay sculpture, the tail of a fox is not fluffy, but made of smooth polished stone.
A retro futuristic environmentally themed poster, a sophisticated metal manipulator is gently holding a glowing green sprout.
In the animation scene, three little rabbits are grazing at the bottom of the picture, and an eagle is circling at the top of the picture, with blue sky and white clouds in the background.
Please create a clay sculpture scene: a crystal tree melts due to the roasting of a flaming sun next to it, and the droplets of liquid are bigger than the small house under the tree.
Generating image: Against the backdrop of the Egyptian pyramids, a huge Sphinx made of black basalt has a pair of bright red dragonfly wings.
It had just rained heavily, so the depression in the street was filled with water. The water reflected the colorful light of the neon lights of the shops next to it, and there was no one on the water.
In the center of the picture, a huge octopus head holds a glass fish tank. On the left side of the fish tank is a clown fish and on the right side is a blue Tangwang fish.
Photo generated: A woman's hair grew taller than the skyscraper next to her due to the use of magic hair restorer. Her hair fell down like a waterfall, giving the overall fantasy artistic style.
An old-fashioned anthropomorphic brass compass was sadly looking at the map spread out on the table in front of him, because a corner of the north pole part of the map had been torn off, causing it to lose its direction.
Generate a logo: Because of the sunlight, a snowflake begins to melt, and both the snowflake and sunlight adopt a unified sharp geometric line style.
Please generate a photo of an elegant lady with antlers walking through an uninhabited forest without a trace of confusion in her eyes.
A huge transparent glass bottle contains a miniature fairy tale forest town, with warm lights shining in the mushroom house in the center of the town.
Create a picture: a city made of soft marshmallows, with skyscrapers and rivers of chocolate sauce flowing on the streets.
A science fiction-themed environmental public welfare poster shows a whale made of transparent glass with a lush forest in its body, swimming in the interstellar universe.
Generating picture: A monkey wearing a spacesuit found a banana on the moon, but instead of eating it, he planted it on the ground as a flag.
In the dusty attic, a dilapidated suitcase was placed on a wooden box. In the box, an exquisite porcelain doll was lying on a yellowed letter.
Generated image: In front of a square wooden chessboard, a polished marble knight stares at a knight of similar material behind him, and the atmosphere is tense.
In a magnificent crystal library deep under the sea, glowing jellyfish float among the bookshelves, and huge whales swim through the dome windows.
By the pond, three ducks and two frogs are wearing small straw hats. They are all neatly lined up and looking into the distance.
A fairy tale world built out of candy, with houses, trees and streets made of colorful lollipops and chocolates.
A close-up from macro photography shows a row of anthropomorphic matchmen, all wearing the same red sportswear, are performing a full-body stretching action of lunging and pressing their legs in unison.
Please create a picture: a mountain peak made of transparent crystal. Lava flows inside the mountain peak and radiates orange-red light.
In a transparent handbag, a kitten huddled in fear because it saw a much larger dog outside.
In the waste-earth science fiction style, a liquid metal device is floating in the center of an abandoned alien relic. As the energy is activated, its surface begins to flow with blue light.
A chef tasted the thick soup he had just cooked. Because the taste was so delicious, he opened his eyes in surprise and gave a thumbs up.
Still life oil painting, there is a simple pottery jar on the table, with a string of purple grapes placed on the left and a small mirror standing on the right.
In the Japanese animation style, a little boy was dejected because he failed the exam. He sat on a bench in the park with a sad and aggrieved expression on his face, and he held the test paper tightly in his hand.
Generating picture: There is a square stone tower on the left side of the picture, and the forest on the right side has no trees, but is covered with huge, triangular glowing mushrooms.
To reach the cheese at the top of the bookshelf, one little mouse climbed on the shoulder of another mouse, and the mouse below swayed because it could not stand steadily.
An ice castle is slowly melting because a small sun is heating it next to it and clear puddles of water have accumulated on the ground.
In the surrealist-style sculpture park, huge bronze clocks melt on white marble branches, and the ground is a river paved with glowing colored glass.
The concept design of the game shows a giant mechanical deer suspended in mid-air due to energy overload, with arcs flashing around its body. It is looking down at a small yellow flower on the ground below.
A girl stands above the city skyline, her long hair woven into a shining staircase to the moon, in a surrealist style.
Generated image: Two astronauts in white spacesuits and a purple alien pet with three eyes look warily at the end of a dark corridor inside the abandoned space station.
Generated image: A robot imitating a thinker's sculpture sits on the toilet, lost in thought, all over its body made of recycled scrap metal.
Please create a clay sculpture: A fox ate a glowing mushroom, causing its claws to start to glow. It is raising its claws curiously to look at it.
Photo generated: A sudden rainstorm caused all the guests in the cafe to disperse. On the table on the left is a cup of coffee and an open book, and on the right is an overturned chair.
The logo design of a volcano does not erupt lava. Instead, clear spring water pours out of the volcano's mouth to water the flowers at the foot of the mountain.
Inside a huge glass cube, countless multicolored paper cranes are suspended at different heights by thin wires. The bottom of the cube is a pool of shallow water, reflecting the scene above.
Create a sculpture: a cloud shaped like a running horse, made of polished marble.
A blue and white porcelain teacup is resting on the table, and a silk fan with the same blue and white pattern is spread out next to it. The light is soft.
A huge red cube is suspended directly above a blue sphere and a green cone is on their right, forming an abstract sculpture.
Please draw an original picture of the game: Cyberpunk style, a rusty robot with no arms is floating a glowing cube with its mind power, and its screen face shows a confused expression.
A loading animation of a music player APP shows a kitten running on the screen. When it reaches the finish line, its paw will press the play button.
A concert poster, a broken violin, but what flies out of the crack is not dust, but birds made of tangible notes.
Create a picture: a fantasy forest made of geometric shapes. All the trees in the forest are triangular and all the bushes are circular.
Inside a huge transparent crystal ball is a miniature snow mountain scene. One hand was carefully shaking the crystal ball, and light snow began to fall in the village inside the ball.
In the center of the picture, a huge crystal cube is suspended in the air, with a string of glowing spheres surrounding it on the left, with a nebula in the background, in a surrealist photography style.
Generating picture: A girl's skirt is like a blooming sunflower. Because she absorbs enough sunshine, the skirt is shining with golden light.
A giant space whale the size of the moon is slowly walking through the rings of Saturn made of countless shining diamonds.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic sneaker is running at high speed. A kitten is attracted by it and is chasing after it on all four legs.
In the courtyard of the ink painting style, the bamboo forest nearby is full of vitality, while the mountains in the distance are even more withered and desolate. The two are in sharp contrast.
Because he got a full mark in the exam, a little boy wearing glasses jumped up excitedly and threw the books into the air, in the style of a cartoon picture book.
In the style of a fashion blockbuster, the model in the foreground reached out. Her tight face showed a surprised expression because she touched the liquid metal sphere floating in front of her.
Generating picture: A miniature Cyberpunk city is contained in a huge transparent glass bottle suspended in the air. Neon lights shine out of the bottle and illuminate the surrounding dark space.
In the flat illustration style, a young programmer wearing headphones was focusing on typing code at his desk late at night, with the coffee cup on the table steaming.
In a flat illustration style, an open suitcase lies flat on the floor, neatly containing rolled clothes and a passport.
Generating picture: On the left side of the picture, Holmes ignored the Rubik's Cube handed over by the robot on the right because he had deduced all the truth through the scratches on the robot's shell.
Please design a futuristic interior space in which a spherical room made of transparent liquid is suspended, and the rooms are connected by glowing pipes, presenting a unified sense of technology as a whole.
In a crystal palace suspended in a sea of clouds, an astronaut wearing a spacesuit is practicing China classical dance, flattening the style of illustration.
Please generate a picture: a retro sports car speeding in a heavy rain, but it does not have its headlights on. It is a cinematic scene.
An alarm clock made of transparent glass has no gears or hands inside, but contains a miniature, surging blue nebula.
A city made of giant candies and biscuits, with a river of chocolate passing through the city, and marshmallow clouds fluttering slowly in the sky.
An ancient bronze chime hangs on the top of Mount Tai. It is not knocked, but it is buzzing and resonating against the distant clouds of clouds, in a documentary film style.
In the Louvre, Mona Lisa leaned out of her frame and looked curiously at a tourist next to her who was taking a selfie on her mobile phone.
A girl in a white dress stood between two giant sunflowers. Behind her was an endless blue sky, with a few scattered pebbles in the foreground.
Generated picture: An anthropomorphic orange cat wearing a spacesuit stretches like an ordinary cat in the spacecraft control room, its body is bowed and its tail is raised high.
A city model made of crystals, all buildings are crystal clear, one of the towers is brighter than the surrounding buildings, and the entire scene is in a static and frozen state.
Please generate a picture of an exquisite ceramic teacup placed on the table, with a curious bee trying to fly into the mouth of the cup, in a soft illustration style.
Design a logo: a running person made of a uniform blue circle, with a sun in front of him also made of blue circles.
Please design an interface for a weather forecast application, where a card module contains weather icons and temperatures for the next three days.
Wildlife photography, in the forest filled with morning fog, a buck and a red fox face each other across the stream. The atmosphere is quiet and vigilant.
Generating picture: A chubby panda finds a ball in the bamboo forest. It curiously fiddles with its paws on the new toy that does not belong to it.
A simple logo icon shows an owl flying from the foreground to the distance. Its wings are not fully unfolded, and its body presents a clear perspective effect.
In front of the frame, a robot made of old gears and iron sheet is awkwardly bending down to pick up parts. It appears a little laborious because the taller robot behind it blocks the light source.
A little boy knelt on the ground sadly because his beloved red robot broke down and parts were scattered on the floor around him.
The foreground is a lonely man, and the shadow on the wall behind him is more huge and distorted than himself, like an independent monster, with a cinematic texture.
A huge glass bottle contains a miniature Gothic castle. Outside the bottle is a vast starry sky. The overall style is exquisite digital illustration.
A little man in a spacesuit stood on the head of a giant orange cat. He was not afraid, but curiously reached out and touched the cat's ears.
Deep in the universe, three huge biomechanical warships hover in the orbit of a dying star, with lava-like energy patterns flowing on their shells, a movie-level shot.
An ancient drift bottle contains a yellowed treasure map. Since it was found next to the Egyptian pyramid, the bottle was stained with mysterious golden sand dust, in the Ukiyo-e style.
An old anthropomorphic clock quietly turned its face to the wall because of its shyness, avoiding the gaze of the teapot opposite it proudly spewing steam.
A family photo shows a father and mother sitting on the sofa in the middle, with their son standing on their left and their daughter on their right.
A genetically modified cat stretches under the scorching sun. Because it can photosynthesis, the bright sunlight is a good meal for it.
A small anthropomorphic coffee bean faced a huge grinder. Not only was it not afraid, it jumped in excitedly, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
Generating picture: A huge anthropomorphic tea cup with a miniature Eiffel Tower inside, but it is not satisfied and is trying to fit the entire of Paris in.
On the volcanic rocks of the Galapagos Islands, several ground finches are pecking at different types of seeds with their different-shaped beaks, in the style of a hand-painted manual in a natural history.
Two alien spacecraft are docked side by side, both with smooth silver shells, but one of them is significantly larger than the other.
Because a little squirrel couldn't reach the pine cone on the branch, he found a stone and smashed it hard at the pine cone, trying to knock it off.
Against the background of the deep universe, an anthropomorphic earth is in front and an anthropomorphic moon is behind, and they are gazing together at the unknown nebula in the distance.
In the sense of a thriller movie, at dusk, a crow landed on a fence made of rough wooden boards and made a hoarse cry.
A huge luminous bulb stood still in the air. There was no tungsten wire in it, but a miniature, growing small tree.
A huge banana made of smooth pebbles, with a glass orange placed next to it, was casually placed on the beach.
In the playback interface of a music App, the singer's photo is included in a dancing circular playback button, and the overall interface is in a dark frosted glass style.
A squirrel wearing a spacesuit was tiptoeing and trying to stick a huge, shiny diamond nut into a flagpole on the surface of the moon.
Please take a photo: a puppet abandoned in a corner, with a clown smile painted on its face, but a black tear stain flowing from one eye.
In an exquisite porcelain teacup, a horrified face rippled out of the water surface of the tea. Behind it, a blurred figure was standing quietly.
The interface design of a weather application shows Cleopatra reaching out to touch the sun on the screen, and it emits a soft light. The interface UI is in a minimalist style.
Generating picture: A brown bear climbed under a tree to reach a high honeycomb. As a result, the honeycomb fell and fell right above its head, and bees danced around it.
On the Great Wall, an ancient general made of transparent crystals looked into the distance. Behind him stood another crystal soldier with a posture similar to his.
Ukiyo-e style, an Eiffel Tower made up of countless blooming cherry blossoms, next to it is a similar tower made up of flying cranes.
In Cyberpunk style, a rusty robot raised its palm at the end of the corridor and tried to analyze it from afar because it detected an abnormality in the holographic data ball floating in the distance.
Generating image: depicts a futuristic city with skyscrapers built of colorful candies and cookies, and cars made of chocolate driving on the streets.
An environmentally themed poster design shows a polar bear unable to find home because glaciers melted, so it climbed onto a huge ice block floating in the middle of the sea.
A sophisticated steampunk owl sculpture with wings made of brass gears and leather, and two yellow-glistening pressure gauges in the eyes.
Create a background image for merchandise display: a simple study made of wood and brass, with a desk wider than the chair next to it, but without any decorative paintings on the wall.
Please generate a picture: A man is sitting in the cockpit, concentrating on reaching out to stroke a pigeon parked on the wing of the window.
Physicist Albert Einstein stood in his Princeton office, gazing thoughtfully at the blackboard filled with complex formulas.
A painting of Cleopatra, reclining on a gorgeous throne, reaching out to pick up a purple grape from a gold plate next to her.
In a world made of building blocks, a huge building block figure is bending over, trying to lift up a fallen small building block figure on the left.
A shy white cloud turned into a pink sunset because it was kissed by a passionate red sun.
In a bronze sculpture, a heavy stone feather fell on the open page, but the page was not bent at all.
Please create a clay sculpture: a fox held a lime lemon because he couldn't eat grapes and showed a disdainful expression on his face.
An anthropomorphic thimble gentleman stands in front of a mannequin with a huge sewing needle floating behind him and is designing an evening dress for the model.
The interface of a music creation App has a user image in the center of the screen. He is directing the classical instrument on the left and the electronic synthesizer on the right to play a piece of music together.
A huge feather carved from a solidified nebula floats in the weightless white space.
After a fire, the wooden house was charred, but the iron safe inside the house was intact because it resisted high temperatures.
Please paint a surrealist painting: a huge glass bottle containing a peaceful starry sky, with all the planets shining.
Generating picture: A hungry wolf finds a sleeping deer under a tree, but it doesn't come forward because a huge brown bear stands next to the deer.
On a dilapidated wooden bench, there is a brand new and bright red umbrella, surrounded by the wet ground after the rain, macro photography.
Astronaut Newton was sitting under the apple tree on the moon, a glowing apple was smashing at his helmet. His expression was both surprised and enlightened.
A boy with blue hair, wearing a blue coat, standing next to him is a blue-skinned robot, and everything around them is blue, too.
Draw a picture: an island suspended in the air, the edges of the island show irregular jagged shapes, and the overall picture is in a soft Japanese animation style.
Generate a picture: cartoon style, there are three anthropomorphic cats in the basket in the center of the picture, one of which is obviously fatter than the other two, and they all look up at the top of the picture.
Generating picture: An ancient Greek scholar realized the mystery of pi. He was pleasantly surprised to find that the round bread on the table in front of him had become an infinite loop of the universe.
The cinematic picture shows a girl in a long white dress and a white cat, both sitting in front of the white piano, the sun shining on their clean white side faces.
Design a game concept diagram: A glowing spirit deer is facing a withered ancient tree, but it does not use magic to treat the tree.
A man wearing a spacesuit stood in the deserted desert. Because he missed his hometown, he used his fingers to draw a small house on the sand in front of him. The picture had realistic light and shadow with a cinematic feel.
An explorer's puppet stands in front of a miniature landscape. Behind him is a deep cave with a treasure chest placed between the puppet and the entrance of the cave.
Backstage of the fashion show, the glow-in-the-blue dresses on the models were now radiating stars in the darkness because they absorbed the stage light.
The design drawings of a women's windbreaker and a dress are similar in style, but because the windbreaker has to cope with rainy days, it adopts a brighter contrast color design.
In the animation scene, scientist Newton, wearing a classical robe, struggled to figure the trajectory of the apple to a punk youth who was breaking dancing.
An anthropomorphic antique alarm clock, it opens its glass mask and is gently touching a sleeping pinion in its body with a pointer, high-quality photography.
Generating a picture: Please draw a picture. In the center of the picture is Newton with a robotic arm. There are no apples on the table in front of him. On his right is a floating globe. He is reaching out to adjust the angle of the globe.
Please draw: A mechanical cat that does not look like a cat. The metallic luster on its body is brighter than the mirror, trying to capture a glowing butterfly.
Please draw: A vast red desert, with several trees made of silver liquid metal growing on the desert, and blue electric arcs flashing on the branches.
In a clay stop-motion animation style, the anthropomorphic white chess queen stood proudly in the center of the chessboard because she had just eaten the Black King, and the Black King fell at her feet.
An Impressionist oil painting in Monet style depicts the Grand Canal in Venice, with a gondola boat anchored in the lower right corner of the picture.
A crystal rooster sculpture is not crowing, but lowers its head and organizes its colorful feathers, with a very elegant posture.
A girl in a red dress and a boy in a red shirt, both wearing red hats, were playing on the beach in a watercolor painting style.
A tired detective stood in a messy room, with a portrait of a woman on his left and a broken vase on his right. Because the woman's red dress in the painting was consistent with the red cloth fragments on the ground, his expression became very solemn.
In the game scene, a chameleon-like creature steps on a glowing blue rune slab, so its skin turns the same Cyberpunk blue.
The texture of the movie shows paper scattered next to an overturned table, an empty chair to the right of the table, and no weapons were present.
Create a painting: depicting a magnificent space city. No natural plants can be seen in the city. The buildings are all streamlined metal materials, and the overall style of steam wave art.
A huge robotic arm is slowly putting a glowing blue energy ball into a transparent glass storage tank.
A woman in a retro dress stood quietly in the Art Deco hotel lobby, with gorgeous brass lights casting warm light.
Image generated: A baby penguin is shivering with cold, and the taller penguin next to it spreads its wings to block it from the cold wind.
Generating picture: Two anthropomorphic chess kings, dancing enthusiastically tango on a huge chessboard, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
Generating picture: A man hides under a table in panic because he had just broken a vase on the table, and fragments of the vase were scattered around him.
Photo generated: A cyberpunk-style female assassin is squatting on the edge of a tall building. Below her is the endless flying traffic and behind her is a huge holographic billboard.
Cyberpunk-style advertising features a woman standing in the foreground because she wears futuristic headphones, the Eiffel Tower in the background is also filled with neon lights, and a similar, smaller luminous tower on the left.
An anthropomorphic chess king piece is lost in thought because he is about to take the winning step. The corners of his mouth are slightly curled up, and the overall style is exquisite steampunk.
Generating picture: A boy opens an old wooden box and shows a surprised expression because a yellowed treasure map is found in the box.
An orangutan wearing a spacesuit is shooting an advertisement for a well-known sports brand. It floats weightless and tries to grab a basketball, designed in Memphis style.
In Renaissance Florence, Leonardo da Vinci was sketching the Mona Lisa in his studio, with various strange mechanical invention manuscripts in the background.
A men's dress jacket with gold embroidered patterns inspired by Art Deco architecture from the 1920s.
An anthropomorphic raccoon, holding a wire with its dexterous front paws, is seriously pricking open a lock on an ancient wooden box, overall in a retro illustration style.
Create a three-dimensional model scene: a deer is lowering its head and drinking from a stream. In the grass behind it, a rabbit is secretly observing it.
In the flat illustration style, on a wooden table, a white ceramic cup is tilted to the right, and dark coffee flows out of it, leaving a large wet mark on the open book.
Generating picture: A red sports car driving at high speed is faster than a cheetah running at full speed on the nearby grassland.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic Statue of Liberty is bending down and carefully lighting a candle on a birthday cake with her torch.
Please draw an illustration: In the center of the picture is a girl with her back facing the audience. On her upper left, there is a curved moon; on her lower right, there is a little fox curled up sleeping.
Please generate a playing card design material. In the center of the card is a queen wearing a crown, holding a scepter, in a Gothic style.
A huge crystal mountain range hit a dark cloud, but the dark cloud was not scattered, but instead wrapped around the mountain peak.
In the magnificent abandoned theater, a violin was placed alone in the center of the stage. The spotlight was not on and there was no one in the audience.
Please create a picture: Over a cyberpunk-style city, several diamond-shaped spacecraft are facing each other in a distance, flashing data streams between them.
Despite the severe cold weather, a girl wearing a thin white dress felt extremely warm because there was a blue flame burning in her heart.
A frozen transparent crystal music box, the ballet dancer inside is frozen in the moment of rotation, surrounded by notes made of frost.
In the Diablo Fantasy game style, a tiny knight stood on a cliff in the foreground and looked up at the huge Griffin circling in the sky. The two were facing each other.
A huge transparent cube hangs in the air and contains a complete forest ecosystem, with one tree significantly taller than all the others.
In a floating magic library, a little squirrel accidentally knocked over an ink bottle. Ink flowed through the shelves, making the words on the book come alive and transformed into glowing butterflies flying around.
Please design a children's bedroom. Although the window is a bustling and noisy city, the interior of the room has a peaceful forest theme, as if isolated from the world.
An abandoned Gothic church with broken stained glass windows in the foreground and an empty and dark hall in the background. A beam of light shines vertically from the hole in the dome, with strong contrast between light and dark and documentary photography style.
Generating the main picture of e-commerce: A Persian cat who has always been picky about food immediately immersed itself in eating after smelling the new flavor of cat food, with a satisfied expression on its face.
Please design a scene in a fashion design studio. A wooden display case displays a variety of yellow fabrics, and a model next to it wears a blue evening dress.
In a surrealist style, three astronauts floated above a clock bigger than the earth, watching in surprise as the hands moved slowly.
It rained heavily on the street. Instead of running quickly with an umbrella, a passerby wearing a yellow raincoat stopped under a billboard and squatted down to block the rain for a stray cat. It was in a Cyberpunk style.
Generating picture: The boy on the left side of the room found that the round cake on the table was bigger than the gift box next to it, so he concluded that today was not his birthday and there was no happy expression on his face.
A penguin wearing a tuxedo passionately conducts the symphony orchestra on the stage in Vienna's Golden Hall.
Generate a picture: Because of a heavy rain, the streets are full of water. At the end of the street are two similar-looking towers. The buildings on both sides are reflected in the water and adopt the Impressionist oil painting style.
As a result of touching the mysterious runestone, the shadow behind an explorer suddenly came to life and handed him a glowing lantern, a surrealist painting.
In a music player interface, because the playlist is cleared, the play button is not colored, but gray, and a sad empty note icon is displayed in the center of the interface.
A fat orange cat wearing old-fashioned pilot goggles flies through the clouds in a propeller plane transformed from carrot.
Please generate a picture of a ballet dancer in a classical dress gracefully jumping into Swan Lake among the dilapidated industrial ruins, the entire picture adopts a soft Impressionist style.
A transparent crystal heart contains a miniature city inside. Because the heart is beating, the lights of the entire city also go out.
Deep in a moss covered forest, a deer made of transparent glass stood quietly in the middle of the stream. Through its body, you could see the distant mountain peak behind it.
Physicist Albert Einstein stood in his study room against a blackboard filled with formulas in the background, looking kindly at the camera.
An astronaut touched a piece of extraterrestrial luminescent ore, and due to radiation, his body began to emit a soft blue light.
Generating picture: In an abandoned space capsule, an old cleaning robot discovered a glowing unknown plant, its electronic screen face showing a surprised expression, Cyberpunk style.
A retro futuristic robot trembled on the left side of the screen because it touched the glowing mysterious cube on the right, and staggered back.
A white marble group statue sculpture with the king in the middle, the queen on his left, and the prince on his right. The three people face forward.
In oil painting style, a kitten broke a vase on the table. It did not escape, but instead guiltily used its claws to try to piece the pieces together again.
A red panda was concentrating on using a laptop computer, so it ignored the bamboo next to it and flattened the software launch page design in the illustrator style.
A whale made of transparent glass, with slowly rotating nebulae and shining stars in its body, is swimming in the deep blue universe.
Generated picture: A general terracotta soldier in the Qin Shi Huang Terracotta Army suddenly blinked secretly at the camera, with a very proud expression.
Generating image: A steampunk style solar system instrument in which all celestial bodies, including the Sun, Earth and Jupiter, are made up of brass gears and complex pipes.
In the surrealist style, a man gently touched the crystal cactus in the center of the desert with his finger, so the entire sand dune behind him turned into a flowing colored galaxy.
A crystal-carved lion statue with a mane of burning flames is staring at a roll of ancient parchment floating in front of it, which is slowly unfolding.
A huge metal gear floating in the air, with ancient runes engraved on the surface, in a steampunk style.
In the conceptual art style of the film, due to energy overload, three translucent spheres floating in front of an astronaut are emitting dangerous red light, with the background inside the spacecraft.
An exquisite glass teapot is placed in the center of the table. Behind it is an open window. Outside the window is hazy distant mountains. The picture is in a fresh Ukiyo-e style.
In the interrogation room, a man was sitting on the left side of the table. There was no one opposite him. On the right side of the table was an old phone that did not ring.
In a huge transparent water tank in a cyberpunk-style room, swimming not fish, but a group of glowing mechanical butterflies, which twinkle as they absorb neon light.
In the Ukiyo-e style, two anthropomorphic mushroom warriors compete fiercely on the moss. One uses a wooden sword grid to block the other's fierce attack, looking nervous.
An anthropomorphic panda wearing a spacesuit is clumsily climbing a osmanthus tree on the moon like a real panda, with the texture of a 3D animated movie.
Science fiction movies show a lonely Oriental Pearl Tower standing on the desolate surface of Mars. The tower body is covered with rust and dust, showing the loneliness of the end of the world.
Physicist Einstein looked at the smartphone in his hand in confusion. The glowing nebula on the screen showed a huge question mark shape.
In the window of the clothing store, all the mannequins wore plaid suits, and the background wallpaper was also in the same plaid pattern.
In the Ukiyo-e style, in the foreground is a woman wearing a red kimono, behind her is a red bridge, and Mount Fuji in the distance is also dyed red by the sunset.
Generated image: A knight wearing heavy iron armor stands in front of a gorgeous bronze mirror and is horrified to see the endless starry sky behind him in the mirror rather than the stone walls of the castle.
In the strange alien jungle, a crystal beetle is climbing a giant glowing tree next to a similar giant tree, but there are no roads in the jungle.
Please draw a picture: a couple walking by the sea wearing straw hats. The boy points excitedly into the distance, and the girl shyly lowers her head and smiles.
Please draw a picture of a penguin getting tired of the cold in Antarctica, so it built a crude hot air balloon and was preparing to fly to a tropical island.
A city built of blue origami sits on top of white origami mountains, and the entire scene presents an exquisite origami art.
Generate an environmentally themed poster: an anthropomorphic koala, wearing overalls, is carefully watering a small sapling with its claws.
In macro photography style, one hand carefully places a mini ceramic doll with a sad expression on a huge, open old book.
A pyramidal library made of glowing crystals floats on the tranquil sea, with many transparent dream spheres suspended inside, in a fantasy illustration style.
Please draw a picture: In the middle of the picture is a brown bear with a confused expression, and on its left stands a little raccoon with a very proud expression.
In a secret room inside the Egyptian pyramid, the walls are painted with ancient gold murals. Due to the lack of sunlight, the blue gems inlaid on the murals glow.
Generate a picture of a man leaning against a wall at the end of a street in a ruined city, with a desperate and tired expression on his face, in a faded realistic movie style.
Generate picture: An anthropomorphic alarm clock is running hurriedly, with the pointer pointing to eight o'clock, cartoon illustration style.
Generating picture: A sculptor is carving himself out of clay, and his fingers have turned to the texture of clay due to his too much dedication.
Please draw a picture: Under the night sky, the undulating shape of the golden wheat waves is strikingly similar to the dark blue whirlpool nebula in the sky.
In the black-and-white documentary photography style, on the left side of the Eiffel Tower, two similar anthropomorphic king chess pieces, both wearing berets, look up at the top of the tower together.
An environmentally themed poster has a huge green tree cleverly composed of used plastic bottles and cans in the center of the picture.
Please design a fairy tale mushroom village scene. There is a building taller than all other mushroom houses with round roofs, and its roof is in the shape of a conspicuous five-pointed star.
A woman wearing a bright yellow raincoat stood in the urban rain, but she did not touch a drop of rainwater. She had a confident smile and a clean and simple e-commerce advertising style.
Generating pictures: Draw a huge tiger, its body and limbs made up of countless orange and black butterflies, roaring in the forest.
To pay tribute to Cleopatra, a model sits quietly on a golden throne, so she wears a long black dress dotted with scarab shaped gems, in the style of a surrealist fashion blockbuster.
The mechanical heart sculpture in a crystal box no longer beats because it has lost its energy, and its light is weaker than the fireflies next to it.
A rusty iron sword had absorbed the energy of a glowing crystal next to it, and the rust on the sword was peeling off, revealing the shining silver blade underneath.
Generating picture: In a steampunk city, streets are lined with various brass robots, and each robot's eyes are shining with the same red light.
Generating image: Please draw a koala and a giant panda, making a snowman together on the Great Wall of China, in a warm watercolor style.
In the documentary photography style, in the abandoned room, due to a hole in the roof, a beam of light shone on the table on the left. An open iron box on the table contained several old letters.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, a little girl stepped on a rocking stool because she couldn't reach the books on the top shelf. Behind her, a cat was looking at her curiously.
An ancient clock made of living vines has turned into a slow-crawling snail because it feels that time passes too fast.
Please generate a painting: an artist is standing in front of an easel, but he is not painting. The starry sky is shaped like a giant whale, swimming out of the frame, in a surrealist style.
In the foreground of the picture, there is a red-roofed wooden house, and on the distant hillside is another red-roofed wooden house with a similar appearance.
An exquisite crystal ball contained a kitten. As the kitten rolled in it, several fine cracks appeared on the surface of the crystal ball.
Generating picture: A huge time portal stands on a deserted planet. Inside the portal is a purple energy whirlpool, and the overall look is retro futuristic.
A peaceful ancient town in the south of the Yangtze River, stone bridges, wupeng boats and white walls and black tiles are all shrouded in the hazy rain, showing the style of ink painting.
In a fashion designer's studio, several dresses with heart-shaped necklines hang on the wall, and diamond-shaped fabric samples are scattered on the workbench.
A man whose body is made of transparent glass is standing in the rain, because his body is hollow, and the rain is slowly filling him from under his feet.
Generate pictures: Please depict a woman in a flowing long dress dancing in a pure white space full of futuristic sense. The space design is full of streamlined feeling.
Flat illustration style, a little girl wearing a yellow raincoat, without an umbrella, standing in a blue puddle with a smile on her face.
A crystal clear glass was placed on a dilapidated wooden box. The glass contained half a cup of turbid orange juice, and the background was a dark blue sky in the distance.
In the Ukiyo-e style, Newton and Einstein both wore kimonos and played chess under the cherry tree. Einstein had more chess pieces in front of him than Newton.
In the Crystal Forest, a girl and a fox stood side by side, both made of shiny stained glass. The fox tilted his head curiously at a butterfly smaller than himself.
An ancient wooden treasure chest was ajar, emitting a mysterious blue light, giving off the overall visual style of a fantasy movie blockbuster.
Please design a warm living room scene for me: the left side of the picture is a beige sofa, the right side is a floor-to-ceiling window, and a pot of green plants is placed between the sofa and the window.
In the empty classroom, no writing was left on the blackboard, but on the ground under the podium, there were a few pieces of chalk and an open book scattered.
Please create a minimalist style figure sculpture that uses only simple geometric shapes to form a humanoid outline.
Mexican painter Frida Kahlo stands in her blue cabin garden, dressed in traditional costumes, looking determined, and taking retro Polaroid portraits.
Please design an advertising scene for a fragrance: In a valley made of huge transparent gems, a galaxy waterfall pours down, shrouded in fog.
Generating picture: On the right side of the screen is a fragile playing card tower. For fear of collapsing it, a butterfly hovers on the left, always maintaining a distance.
Image generated: In the abandoned space station, two dilapidated robots are working together to weld the hull of a spacecraft, while another intact robot supervises.
In the main control room of the abandoned space station, a weird smiling face suddenly lit up on the central screen, causing the red warning light in the corridor to flash.
In the crystal sculpture style, a huge hollow whale has a glowing coral reef ecosystem in its belly, but there is no sea water around it.
Generate a photo: Because of the heavy snow last night, in the early morning, the usually lively city park is covered with thick snow, making it particularly peaceful and peaceful.
A contemplative man stands in a fair-water concrete church designed by Tadao Ando, light pouring down through a cruciform incision in a minimalist photography style.
Please draw: A timid knight saw the princess's encouraging eyes, so he mustered up the courage to draw his rusty sword.
An English short cat in armor stretched out its paws and gently touched a translucent jellyfish floating in the air, in a steampunk style.
Please design a poster for a wildlife conservation organization. The picture shows a vigorous cheetah running at full speed on the African savanna, stretching out.
A little girl's long hair is made up of the gorgeous Orion Nebula, and she holds a small, glowing moon in her hand.
Generate pictures: Please create in a clay sculpture style. In the center of the picture is an astronaut. On his left is a small moon and on his right is a small sun. Both the astronaut and the planet are made of glowing clay.
A chameleon was placed in a glass box containing red apples. In order to disguise itself, its skin also turned bright red, in a flat illustration style.
A clever chimpanzee sits at a table. It ignores the picture of the Eiffel Tower on the left tablet and reaches out its finger to grab the banana on its right.
A design draft of a Hanfu dress has a few auspicious clouds embroidered on the cuffs of the top, a bright moon painted on the hem of the lower skirt, and sporadic golden osmanthus are dotted on the belt.
A soft sofa made of marshmallows is not placed in the living room, but floating on the purple sea of clouds in the evening.
An error code suddenly popped up on the computer screen, and the young programmer looked panicked, but the experienced manager next to him seemed extremely calm, in the style of cyberpunk illustrations.
There are two bottles of humanoid drinks with similar shapes. One bottle enthusiastically opens its arms in a hug, and the other bottle shyly crosses its hands in front of its chest, with one cheerful and the other introverted.
Generated image: Having lost its owner, a sad robot dog is building a shelter for itself using transparent crystals and glowing metal parts.
An astronaut took off his helmet on the deserted Mars. Because he missed the earth, his breath actually condensed into a floating blue flower, and his expression was in a trance state and felt like a movie.
An anthropomorphic indigo nebula with crystal-like eyes is floating on the hands of a huge clock, behind which is the deep universe, in a 3D cartoon rendering style.
A crystal clear crystal sculpture takes the form of a blooming lotus flower, but its petals have no curvature at all, but sharp geometric sections.
The flat icon of a bear is not roaring, but because it has found the honey jar, it closes its eyes contentedly and looks naive.
In ancient Egypt in the watercolor painting style, the base of the pyramid was submerged by the river due to the flooding of the Nile River. The water reflected a priest in traditional costumes next to him and the sunset in the sky.
A section of the Great Wall stands above the winding mountains. The sun sets in the west, and the golden light outlines the outline of the ancient city wall.
An environmental public welfare poster shows a little girl standing on the cracked land and looking into the distance. There was no tree on the horizon, and the color was gray.
At dusk on a street corner in Paris, next to an old Citroen sedan, a painter wearing a beret was sketching, presenting a warm retro film texture.
An Art Deco style environmental public welfare poster shows a polar bear standing on an ice floe due to the melting of glaciers, looking helpless and confused.
Please design a logo that shows a silhouette of a thinker's side face, and the outline of his brain contains a precision gear in motion.
The resulting image: a huge transparent glass sphere suspended above the forest, directly below the sphere is a circular open space, with a cabin in the center of the open space.
A fairy tale book was forgotten on a park bench in the rain. It cried sadly, its pages were dejected because of the soaking water.
In the simple white studio, a model in a Gauding dress is leaping gracefully, with a huge cactus potted plant placed to her left.
A miniature landscape of Egyptian pyramids carefully crafted out of clay, dotted with a few small palm trees, and the entire model is placed on a patch of yellow sand.
A silhouette made of multiple triangles is reaching out to touch a floating triangular crystal. The overall shape is a low-polygon logo style with a sense of future technology.
In a transparent glass greenhouse, a girl in a white dress sat quietly, holding a book in her hand and looking focused.
There was a contemplative warrior clay statue, and next to another warrior who was almost identical, except for the feathers on the helmet that were slightly different.
The anthropomorphic Leaning Tower of Pisa, whose waist muscles are strained due to year-round tilting, is using a huge crutch to support it on the open space next to it, trying to straighten its body.
Generate an image: an abandoned city library, with no books on its shelves, cracks on the walls like dry river beds, in a documentary photography style.
Generated picture: A timid knight lights a torch because he is afraid of the darkness. As a result, the light attracts a huge dragon deep in the forest.
Newton under the apple tree was not angry because he was hit by a falling apple. Instead, he fell into thought and looked up at the sky.
On the Great Wall, a naive little panda is performing Tai Chi, behind which are rolling mountains in the Ghibli animation style.
In a cafe on a rainy day, a man's sad expression was reflected in the window as he was staring at the empty seat opposite him.
Create a painting: a shy active volcano blushes because it feels embarrassed, so the lava it erupts and the smoke it rises are dreamlike pink.
National Geographic Photography shows a lioness on the left side of the picture, gently licking the lion cub nestled next to her, with the savanna in the background.
In an abandoned alchemy laboratory, due to a leak of medicine, glowing mucus flowed on the ground. On the left was a collapsed wooden bookshelf, and on the right was a glass container containing a beating heart.
The little girl in a white dress jumped in the mud, her skirt covered with mud dots, but she didn't care, and her face was filled with a bright smile.
Generating image: Use Cyberpunk style to draw an Eiffel Tower made up of a transparent data stream, surrounded by flying cars and a glowing city below.
In the weather application interface, as it is raining outside, several translucent raindrop icons are suspended between the background image and the temperature card in the foreground to create a depth of field effect.
An ancient general wearing a spacesuit stands on the surface of Mars, with pyramids behind him, in a steampunk art.
In the steampunk style, a giant crystal heart made up of countless brass gears and precision pipes beats slowly against the starry background of the universe.
Generation painting: An emperor penguin found a pineapple on an Antarctic glacier. Because it had never seen such a thing before, it tilted its head curiously and stared at it without moving.
A giant alien mothership hovers above an asteroid, larger than the asteroid, and a tractor beam is preparing to capture it.
The detective opened the wooden box on the table, but there was only an empty glass bottle inside. Because the clue was broken, he leaned against the wall behind him in disappointment.
In the concept picture of the game's character, there is a tall rock warrior on the left side of the screen. He is much taller than the petite female forest mage on the right. Both of them are in a static standby posture.
Detective Sab squatted next to a damaged robot, carefully inspecting its internal wiring, as rain soaked his windbreaker.
Generating picture: A crystal-carved unicorn has no wings, but it is running in the sea of stars on a rainbow, exuding a soft light.
In Cyberpunk style, in a neon alley on a rainy night, an engineer looked in confusion at the antique compass in his hand. Its hands were spinning crazily due to interference from the surrounding holographic billboards.
Please generate a picture: In an old study room, a boy in a school uniform on the left is cheering for a full score in the exam, while his wealthy businessman father on the right is frowning after seeing the report card, in a Japanese animation style.
A huge whale made of transparent glass is surrounded by a vibrant forest ecosystem, and sunlight penetrates through it.
A fox made entirely of transparent glass is looking up at the floating moon made of water. The fox's tail is burning with blue flames.
Please draw: Two similar-looking owls standing side by side, one of them has cunning fox-like eyes and raises one claw. The picture is in the style of a fairy tale picture book.
Generating pictures: In a future city in a cyberpunk-style, all buildings are like huge metal plants, the signal tower in the center is higher than the surrounding buildings, the spacecraft shuttles under the buildings, and a unified neon data stream flows on the surfaces of all objects.
In the study, a chimpanzee saw the gymnast in a photo frame on the table, so it stood on one leg on the left side of the photo frame and mimicked the pose.
Photo generated: A tiger sculpture made of blue coral roars at a burning meteor in the sky.
In a white coffee cup, the rising heat skillfully forms the outline of a world map in the air.
Please create a painting: above the picture is an anthropomorphic sun, smiling; below the picture is a row of anthropomorphic sunflowers, looking up at the sun.
On the streets of Victoria London, a steampunk detective is on the right side of the frame, with a huge question mark made of brass gears floating in the air to his left.
Please draw: Cyberpunk style, on the left side of the ruins of the city, a rusty giant robot is lifting a dilapidated hover car with its equally rusty robotic arm.
Generating pictures: All buildings in a city have become books. Because residents love reading so much, the streets have become rivers of words.
In the suspense movie scene, a heart-shaped crystal music box fell on the wooden floor. It was shattered, and the gears inside were scattered all over the ground.
In the vast universe, five huge red planets are arranged regularly, with silver rivers of liquid metal flowing on their surfaces, giving them a sense of science fiction.
A huge stone statue of the Sphinx, with the trunk of a lion and the face of a human, sits against the vast desert background of the Egyptian pyramids.
In the Renaissance oil painting style, Leonardo da Vinci stands in his studio with an unfinished Mona Lisa on an easel in the background.
A crystal deer stood in front of the floating rock. Because it was transparent, there was no shadow on the ground. Behind it was a small glowing butterfly.
Photo generated: In the deep sea, three clocks made of corals and pearls are suspended in the water, and the hands are glowing jellyfish.
In front of the Egyptian Pyramid, a camel stands on the left. To its right is a small oasis with several palm trees.
Generated picture: A metal treasure chest, it is unlocked, because the magic puppet guarding it is stronger than the box itself. The puppet is covered with cracks, cartoon game style.
In the Impressionist style, a white anthropomorphic fox was satisfied with stealing cheese. It crossed its legs and gracefully lifted the goblet with its paws.
By the pond, all the frogs and turtles are quietly lying on the lotus leaves, enjoying the afternoon sunshine without moving.
A yellow cheese clock is melting off the edge of a dark bookshelf, and behind the clock is a white porcelain cup, but there is no water in the cup.
A three-dimensional model of the underwater world made of transparent glass, glass fish of fish swim above glass seaweed among glass corals.
Generate a photo: a wet cobblestone alley after the rain, the reflective texture of the stones is clearly visible, next to it is mottled red brick walls.
There is a library floating in the sea of clouds. There are not a book in it, but the shelves are filled with strange glowing mushrooms, in the Ghibli animation style.
A clay chameleon sculpture in a low-polygonal style opened its eyes wide in horror at sensing the danger, and its geometrically shaped body turned into a bright warning color.
A pair of similar twin brothers, both wearing blue pajamas with a rocket pattern printed on them, had identical confused expressions on their faces.
Science fiction scene, a mechanical dog is on the left and a kitten is on the right. The kitten was not afraid. Instead, it looked curiously at the mechanical dog that was much taller than it.
Backstage of the fashion show, a model was anxious because her zipper was stuck. The futuristic machine-style fashion on her body was in sharp contrast to the classical Peking Opera makeup on her face.
An IP image of glazed clouds inspired by the Forbidden City floats directly above the Hall of Supreme Harmony in the Forbidden City, and below are layered palace roofs also made of glazed glass.
A Baroque library built in the clouds. Because of the weight of knowledge, the thick books bend the clouds, and the books are scattered on the ladders in the foreground.
Generate a picture: Please draw a transparent ocean floating in the night sky. There are glowing jellyfish in the ocean and a sleeping village below.
Please create a sculpture: an ancient magic book is floating in the air, its pages turning into paper birds and flying out.
Quentin Tarantino movie style, an agent wearing a retro leather jacket with a revolver in his hand in the foreground and a brightly lit Egyptian pyramid in the background.
Please draw: An anthropomorphic light bulb that looks like scientist Einstein, with the trademark fluffy hairstyle, and a small light bulb exactly like it stands next to it, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
Image generated: Two children in spacesuits, watching curiously by the window of the spacecraft, a huge space jellyfish made of nebula swimming past.
An astronaut made of clay was pleasantly surprised to take off his helmet and try it because he discovered that the planet under his feet was a huge piece of cheese.
A mechanical octopus uses its metal tentacles to carefully repair an old spacecraft that crashed on an alien planet.
On the left side of the picture, a woman in a long dress holds an umbrella and looks into the distance. On the right side of the picture is an ancient lighthouse. The entire photo is in a melancholy movie tone style.
In the desert, the oasis on the left is small but full of vitality, and a glass tree stands on the larger cracked land on the right. Because water flows through, a new glass leaf grows on the tree.
In a bronze sculpture in a park, an old man sits on a bench, two pigeons in front of him are lowering their heads to peck at bread crumbs on the ground.
In the cozy cabin, the flames in the fireplace were burning vigorously, and the snowstorm outside the window was raging.
In National Geographic photography style, a fox saw his long shadow on the snow and mistakenly thought it was a taller companion. So it bent its body curiously and warily to confront the shadow.
An anthropomorphic teacup with a body made of smooth ceramics wears a triangular hat made of steam. On his left is a biscuit bookshelf and on his right is a sugar cube desk lamp.
A crystal clear glass apple with a glowing seed inside, which illuminates the entire fruit, white background.
Generated image: A giant steampunk style copper clock with its gears floating slowly in the air.
Generating picture: A ceramic piggy bank is crying sadly because its body has been emptied, with a coin scattered next to it.
A group of colorful glowing jellyfish float like balloons above the city's night sky, with endless traffic lights below, long-exposure photography.
Generating picture: A musing clay sculpture of Einstein, holding a miniature galaxy smaller than his head in his hand because he had insight into the secrets of the universe.
A group of glowing jellyfish floated like lanterns deep in the ancient dense forest in a surrealist photography style.
An anthropomorphic miniature cactus wearing a small straw hat, next to it is a very huge kettle.
A petite girl stood in the foreground, behind her was a giant robot model several times taller than her, occupying most of the background.
Generating picture: Please draw three children in spacesuits, standing hand in hand on the surface of the moon, looking curiously at the distant earth.
An abandoned library covered with vines has a miraculously complete glass dome in the center, covered with exotic plants.
Generating picture: A girl in a long dress with her back to the camera, standing quietly by the sea, staring at the sunset in the distance.
In the Art Nouveau style, a huge crystal floating island is attracting the waterfall on the island upwards because its gravity is stronger than that of the small island next to it.
In a futuristic music player interface, because classical music is played, the floating metal geometry in a transparent cube does not rest, but instead combines into Bach's head. All elements are arranged in three-dimensional space.
Image generated: A river made of liquid light hangs above the ancient Roman Colosseum. There are no seats inside the Colosseum, only glowing moss.
Generated image: An astronaut is inside a huge transparent space jellyfish, floating together in front of the nebula, with the distant Earth in the background, in a 3D animated movie style.
Generate a picture: Please draw a steampunk personified clock. It is playing chess. Because it is about to lose the game, a few drops of engine oil are rushing out of the clock face.
Generate a painting: instead of a human face, the helmet of an astronaut is a miniature ocean world full of fish and corals, in a surrealist style.
A future soldier wearing power armor crawled through the ruins like a cheetah, with a map displayed on the tactical screen on his arm in a flat illustration style.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, a little boy is holding a huge chinchilo covered with mushrooms, and a small coal ball spirit is sitting on its belly.
Generated image: A child had just broken a beloved vase. Instead of crying, he squatted on the ground, fascinated by the strange pattern created by the fragments.
A Baroque marble sculpture, in which an angel is gently draping a cloak over a curled girl, is full of dynamic.
Generating pictures: In the clay stop-motion animation style, a puppeteer is dancing. He controls a puppet with his hands, and the puppet also performs dance movements similar to his.
In the boundless universe, there is a huge Mobius Ring carved from crystal floating. Its surface reflects the colorful colors of the nebula and is full of science fiction.
A pocket elephant, smaller than a dragonfly, is parked on a huge sunflower. Their color is bright lemon yellow.
An ancient bronze clock, because time passed too slowly, its pendulum has taken root and sprouted, growing winding vines.
A modern skyscraper stands next to an ancient brick house. The contrast between the old and new buildings is particularly vivid in the dusk light. Urban documentary photography.
In the sky, a crystal whale was swimming in the sea of clouds. A fiery red fox looked up below. Its tail was longer than the whale.
An anthropomorphic brown bear wearing a vest was sitting on a tree stump in the forest. He stretched out his furry palm, and a blue bird was parked on his palm and looked at him.
A three-dimensional scene made of clay has three huge sunflowers in the foreground, a small red house on the left, and two apple trees on the right.
A minimalist interior scene, a huge floor-to-ceiling window is a tranquil lake, and the main colors of the room are soft beige and high-quality gray.
Because a gardener took good care of the garden, his hands actually opened gorgeous petals like flowers, in a surrealist style.
Generated image: An abandoned lighthouse stands on the edge of a cliff. Below it, surging waves are beating against the rocks, and the sky in the distance is covered with dark clouds.
A floating ancient book opens itself. As the miniature galaxy inside is rotating, a quill hangs above it, and the dripping ink turns into a new constellation.
An abandoned circular space station is slowly orbiting a planet full of purple storms, with dense meteor belts floating outside the windows of the space station.
A robot made of metal gears and parts is sitting helplessly on the ground, with a confused and sad expression on its face.
In a steampunk sky city, five mechanical pigeons are landing under a giant clock tower made of brass gears, and a robot wearing goggles waves to them.
In Cyberpunk style, the wings of a mechanical butterfly have no gears, but are filled with flowing neon liquid.
Please draw: An ancient castle suspended in the air, its steeple is wrapped with glowing vines, presenting a fantasy watercolor style as a whole.
A young wizard with hair made of flowing starlight sat on a floating crescent moon and used a glowing fishing rod to fish in the sea of clouds.
A young woman stands in the center of the gallery, with an abstract oil painting hanging on her left wall and a landscape watercolor painting on her right wall.
A huge whale made of transparent crystal is slowly cruising above the city. Below it, a Corgi wearing pilot goggles is looking up at it excitedly.
A pair of twin sisters who look similar to each other. The sister on the left smiled when she saw butterflies flying through the window, and the sister on the right also showed the same smile.
Generating a picture: At the top of the Eiffel Tower, an anthropomorphic loaf is taking photos of a dove on its left, with a cup of coffee on the right side of the loaf.
In the Ukiyo-e style, the Egyptian pharaoh sits quietly under the cherry blossom tree, his gold mask inlaid with precision mechanical gears.
Black-and-white photography shows a tall father and a son much shorter than him, both wearing dark suits and looking at the distant sea with their backs facing the camera.
Please make a clay sculpture of Qin Shihuang's terracotta warriors. He holds a long sword and has a majestic expression.
Three anthropomorphic mushrooms, all wearing the same style of red polka dot bow ties, stood side by side and smiled.
The background interface design of a meditation App shows peaceful Mount Fuji and cherry blossoms, but there are no modern buildings or artifacts in the scene.
In Cyberpunk style, a giant mechanical eagle has an unstable miniature star wrapped in its chest, so its metal feathers are constantly shooting out electric sparks.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a sad anthropomorphic cactus looks at a happy balloon from afar, but it does not come forward to hug it.
An anthropomorphic squirrel wearing a suit vest is carefully burying an acorn with its front paws. Close-up, clear details, and a textured documentary photography style.
Generating picture: A white ceramic teapot and two transparent glasses holding green tea are placed together on a wooden tray.
Please draw a painting in the Ukiyo-e style: a young girl wearing a kimono, holding a painting in her hand of a village made up of many small houses.
In the pop art style, a man on the left frowned because he ate a lemon that was too sour, and a huge lemon on his right, and the entire scene was contained in a frame.
The Cyberpunk-style Mona Lisa, whose smile is even more mysterious because she has just been installed with mechanical prosthetic eyes, is behind her neon Florence.
A boy was standing in the pouring rain, soaked all over because he did not have an umbrella, but he was smiling happily and looking up to feel the raindrops.
A retro-style environmentally themed poster shows astronaut Neil Armstrong standing on the moon, carefully watering a green sprout.
A forest made of brass gears, with mechanical trees standing quietly, and precision parts inside rotating slowly. The overall steampunk style.
Photo: An astronaut's eyes widen in surprise when she finds an unknown alien plant outside her spacecraft, in a cool photorealistic cinematic style.
Please design an evening gown inspired by Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun, with a skirt that is longer at the back than at the front, the main colors are gold and blue, and beetle-shaped gems inlaid on the shoulders.
In the modern and minimalist living room, a kitten is staring curiously at the projection on the wall. The dynamic red spot is bigger than its head.
In the Ukiyo-e style, an elegant white fox sits under the red bird dwelling in the snow with alert eyes.
In a Zen courtyard in the middle of the courtyard, a glowing mushroom grows quietly next to a retro typewriter on the sand.
Design a 3D interactive interface for a music player. On the album cover in the center of the interface, a butterfly is taking off from a flower.
Watercolor style, a clown made of transparent stained glass, his tears are melted candy, sitting on the moon.
Next to the Gothic-style black leather boots is a pair of futuristic silver sneakers. The boots of the boots are much higher than the sneakers.
The interface design of a weather forecast App has a little girl wearing a yellow raincoat standing in the center of the interface with a rainy city in the background. The theme color of the interface matches the girl's yellow raincoat.
Generating picture: A man in a suit with a retro light bulb on his head.
A rock singer with an explosive head is playing a guitar passionately. Behind him is a tree shaped very similar to his hairstyle.
A little boy wearing owls and his creation happily flashed blue light at the same frequency because he successfully activated the mechanical bird in the box.
In the cyberpunk style, in the center of the city, a dragon composed of holographic data streams shuttles between skyscrapers, and below is dense floating traffic avoiding each other.
Please draw a picture: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a huge teddy bear with a glass apple smaller than its head is held in its hands, with a desert background, in a surrealist style.
On the left side of the screen, a clumsy robot is carefully watering a plant. Because of the nourishment, the vines of the plant are wrapped around the robot's arms, giving the overall warm cartoon style.
A koala astronaut sits in a transparent glass jar, shaking a pepper jar with his hand to flavor the planet candy in the jar.
In future Paris, a man wearing a spacesuit stands at the top of the Eiffel Tower. He does not overlook the city, but looks up at the strange planets in the stars.
A group of cute cartoon pandas sit around the Great Wall, eating pasta awkwardly with chopsticks.
On the design drawings, two similar model cabinets were originally placed side by side. Because they seemed crowded, one hand was moving the cabinet on the left, and there were three small sofas next to it.
Image generated: Half of Egypt's pyramids are now submerged in the ocean due to a sharp rise in sea levels due to global warming, with abandoned ships floating around them.
Generating picture: The old man saw an old ticket, so he fell into deep thought. His face showed a melancholy expression similar to that of the young man next to him, in a documentary style.
In the Cyberpunk style, the master and apprentice wear similar black high-tech windbreakers, but the master's mechanical prosthetics are more complex and sophisticated than the apprentice's.
Generated image: A violin with a body full of tomatoes is not placed anywhere, but is suspended in the air, in a surrealist oil painting style.
Because a furry polar bear felt cold, he knitted himself a sweater made of dazzling aurora lights. The overall style was a dream illustration.
Because he saw a hand pointing at a huge watermelon in front of him, a little hamster next to him thought it was real and was trying to stand on tiptoes to touch it.
The man in a worn leather jacket leaned against the stone wall. The wolfdog next to him was roaring in a low voice, but there was no expression of fear on his face.
In the snowy wilderness, Franklin's kite was hit by lightning. Because the current was conducted along the wet kite string, sparks were emitted from the key in his hand.
Logo design, the nib of a pen is outlining the majestic Great Wall, and the ink is still on the nib, ready to go.
Please generate a picture: On a planet made of huge cubic rocks, there are many glowing plants in the shape of five-pointed stars growing, and there are circular clouds floating in the sky of the planet.
Generating picture: On an empty street corner, an old-fashioned anthropomorphic street lamp is gazing affectionately at a lonely crescent moon in the night sky.
Please generate a photo of a young girl who is taller than the grandma next to her, but there is no smile on their faces.
An old cat saw a kitten that looked similar to its childhood companion. It did not drive it away. Instead, it brought in a fish bigger than itself. It was full of warmth and a cinematic scene.
Generating picture: A Siberian tiger stands in the snowy pine forest in the foreground, behind it is a frozen lake, and in the distance is a continuous snowy mountain.
Generating a photo: On the left side of the picture, a girl inverted the glowing hourglass in her hand, so the dead trees on the right side of the picture were instantly filled with star-like flowers.
An explorer wearing a spacesuit tried to activate a terracotta army with a gear-shaped key in the Mausoleum of Qin Shihuang. The overall picture was in a retro futuristic style.
In a fantasy world of giant candies, marshmallow clouds float in the air, a river of chocolate sauce flows below, and a gingerbread man castle stands in the distance.
In a gray wasteland, a musician was playing a violin. Because of the beautiful music, colorful flowers immediately bloomed on the ground in front of him.
Generating picture: A man stands in the foreground of the picture. There is a book on the bookshelf behind him. The man's sweater and the cover of the book are dark green.
Please draw a cyberpunk-style night view of a futuristic city, with tall buildings, neon flashing, and flying cars flying through it.
The UI interface design of a pet development App shows that in a three-dimensional glass floating window, a red panda is sleeping on the top of an Egyptian pyramid.
In front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris in the evening, the ground on the right is very wet because it has just rained, but there are no pedestrians in the picture.
In the watercolor painting style, there are two completely different girls in the picture. One is overjoyed because of the full score in the exam, and the other is dejected because the painting paper is wet with rain.
A sad anthropomorphic cloud is crying, and its tears turn into raindrops to water a flower below. The flower shows a grateful smile, with a minimalist logo design.
Photo generated: In the ruins of the city after heavy rain, a colorful mechanical butterfly was accidentally activated due to a short circuit. It was flapping its wings and trying to fly out of the stagnant water.
A fluffy white Samoyed and a sheep lay side by side on the grass, their fluffy curls looking almost identical.
A butterfly made of heavy metal is resting lightly on a cloud. Not far away, there is a similar butterfly chasing another cloud.
Photo: There is an open suitcase in front of the bookshelf in the study. Because it is not finished, there are several books and a folded shirt next to it.
A Memphis design-style advertising poster shows an anthropomorphic red alarm clock jumping happily in the foreground, behind which is the famous Leaning Tower of Pisa.
A clumsy puppet made of stone is gently watering a fragile crystal flower with its rough hands, in an animated movie style.
In a huge alien relic, several huge metal pillars rose from the ground, and the surfaces of all pillars were engraved with exactly the same glowing symbols.
An astronaut as huge as a mountain peak was carefully holding three miniature planets in his hand, with flashing city lights on the planets.
Generating picture: A robot cleaner accidentally knocked over a paint bucket, so it used its body to smear the colorful paint on the floor into a dazzling starry sky painting.
Generated animated images: On the left side of the screen, a bear is clumsily chasing a butterfly; on the right side, a fox is hiding behind a tree and secretly observing them.
In the Louvre, a kitten saw the Mona Lisa on the wall, so it followed the person in the painting and showed a similar mysterious smile, in the Pixar animation style.
Please generate a surrealist painting: Benjamin Franklin did not fly a kite in a thunderstorm, but floated over a calm desert, using his finger to guide a bolt of lightning towards the distant pyramid.
A huge futuristic city hangs above the clouds, with countless aircraft shuttling there, and a glowing energy tower stands in the center of the city.
A crumpled old map lay flat on the wooden table, next to a steaming coffee cup.
A small man was using all his strength to push a giant round stone taller than himself.
A huge knight was trapped in a small stone room because he was so large that the top of his helmet was scraping against the low stone ceiling.
Photo generated: A huge eagle perches on the beacon tower of the Great Wall, protecting a petite baby eagle under its wings.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic alarm clock covers its mouth because it is afraid of being late and looks in horror at another faster clock on the right wall, Pixar animated style.
On the infinitely looped Penlos Steps, a man in a classical robe was walking up. He looked down at his feet, his face showing a confused and confused expression.
A little girl in a red dress stood in the empty square, but her shadow turned into a huge monster, bared its fangs and claws at her.
Because it was so hungry, a fat brown bear was sitting quietly, but the little cat in front of it bravely handed over its dried fish, in a watercolor painting style.
Photography: A crystal clear glass violin, the texture of the strings is surprisingly similar to the texture of the ice flowers on the window behind it.
Generated image: A woman in a gorgeous court dress sits on a swing in the garden against blooming roses in the background, in a rococo style.
In a war movie, a soldier sees a stray dog licking his wounds. Instead of driving him away, he shows a sad smile in a documentary photography style.
Inside a crystal clear glass bottle is an exquisite sailboat. The sailboat is riding the wind and waves. The background is the blue sky and white clouds painted in the bottle.
A Shiba Inu wearing pilot goggles, with a proud and confident smile on his face, prepares to fly its plane, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
On the grass, next to a huge Alaskan sled dog, a mini teacup dog looks even more petite, and the entire picture is in a soft oil painting style.
There was a broken mirror on the floor, but what the fragment reflected was not the room, but the starry night sky.
A timid turtle heard the noise and was retracting its head into its turtle shell. Its turtle shell was covered with blue spots in the shape of a five-pointed star.
Photo generated: In a city alley under heavy rain, a detective is running at full speed to chase a fuzzy black figure, and the ground is splashed with water.
A little elf was trapped in a transparent crystal. The squirrel under the crystal did not escape because it could not break it, but instead looked around anxiously.
Generated picture: In the futuristic control room, a captain in a silver uniform is staring at a huge hexagonal interstellar map in a cinematic style.
Afraid of the darkness, an anthropomorphic candle figure was holding up his lit fingertips and running forward with trembling strides, in a Gothic art style.
A kind grandmother was sitting on a bench in the park and was teaching her granddaughter to knit sweaters hand-in-hand. The sun shone warmly on them, and the picture was full of warmth.
A sculpture of a meditative person, his entire body is made up of countless flying open books, the pages seem to be his flowing thoughts.
Photo generated: An astronaut is struggling to repair a broken transparent observation window with his hands because the spacecraft's life-support system failed.
A young self and an old self sat side by side on a park bench. The atmosphere was peaceful and peaceful, in the style of Hayao Miyazaki animation.
Generate a game character selection interface with a female mage wearing leather textured shoulder armor in the middle. The UI interface has a magical style.
Wildlife photography shows a kingfisher parked on a dead branch by the water's edge. It did not spread its wings and fly, but quietly stared at the prey under the water.
In the Ukiyo-e style, cherry blossoms bloom under Mount Fuji in Japan, and the tranquil lake reflects the snow-capped mountain tops and pink petals.
At the very front of the picture, an anthropomorphic cactus wearing a cowboy hat, behind it is an endless desert, and further away are continuous mountains.
On the fashion design workbench, one hand is adjusting the hem of a beautiful women's dress, with a pair of scissors next to it. In the distance, there is a shelf full of cloth hanging.
In the watercolor style, a girl stands behind a dead tree shorter than her. She is standing quietly and reaches out her fingers to gently touch the bald branches.
Generated image: A chubby hamster is stuffing itself into a star-shaped cookie mold, looking very comical.
In the steampunk style, a huge mechanical koala is climbing on the Egyptian pyramid, the precision gears on its back shining with a metallic luster.
In the evening in the fields, there is a sea of sunflower flowers and a huge sunset in the sky. Both of them are brilliant gold and their shapes are very similar.
In the advertising scene, a taller anthropomorphic perfume bottle with its crown cap tilted, and the short bottle behind it is touching it and looking up at it in admiration.
A Shiba Inu wearing a plaid shirt showed a funny and helpless smile at the camera, in a fashionable photography style, close-up.
It feels like a wasteland science fiction movie. Next to a huge alien metal plant, a mutant lizard is slowly crawling, but no flowers are blooming on the plant.
A small magic apprentice wearing a starry robe stood next to a burly mentor who was also wearing a starry robe.
In the vast sugar grain desert, a cherry bigger than a mountain stands on the horizon, and hundreds of identical little ants are lining up towards it.
A set of anthropomorphic weather icons, shy clouds, happy sun and angry lightning, all with round faces and cute bean-eyed eyes.
Generating picture: A Rubik's Cube glows happily because it has been successfully solved. Every color block of it is flashing soft light at the same frequency.
A girl with huge colorful glass wings stood quietly, holding an ordinary sparrow much smaller than her wings in her hand.
An anthropomorphic light bulb dressed like Einstein is much brighter than the ordinary light bulb next to it.
In the movie stills, a man's face turned pale when he saw an empty medicine bottle on the table. He stretched out his trembling hand and wanted to pick it up but didn't dare.
Please draw a picture: On the Antarctic ice sheet, an emperor penguin is cautiously approaching a steaming volcanic hot spring out of curiosity, in a watercolor painting style.
The ancient library was extremely silent. A beam of sunlight shone in through the high window, making the dust flying in the air clearly visible, breaking the silence.
Photo generated: Above the ruins of the Colosseum in ancient Rome, a huge robotic hand grabs a broken stone pillar and seems to want to put the artifact back in its place.
Because a small pit was created at the top of the pyramid by weathering, a grass grew out of the accumulated rainwater, with three beetles next to it.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, an ancient magic bell tower stands next to Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris, its hands turning slowly counterclockwise.
A cat in a retro dress mimics Mona Lisa's pose with a mysterious yet satisfied smile.
A clockwork robot made of brass gears and precision springs points to twelve o'clock midnight, as does the hands of all clocks in the room.
On the magical island suspended in the sky, a huge feathered snake tightly wraps around the energy crystal in the center of the island, absorbing the magical power from it.
A powerful Siberian tiger stood in the snow, but it did not roar. Instead, it stared quietly at the camera with a trace of fatigue in its eyes.
An exquisite glass music box with a crystal cygnet gracefully flapping its wings, presenting a dreamy artistic style as a whole.
In Memphis style, a young girl wearing a triangular pattern dress jumps lightly in the fantasy sky made up of countless triangles.
A cyberpunk-style crystal mechanical flower has absorbed enough energy from the data stream, and its metal petals are fully blooming, projecting a mini holographic image of the city.
Photo generated: A farmer watched as heavy rain finally began to fall on a long-drought-stricken field. Instead of hiding from the rain, he knelt down excitedly in the mud.
A transparent glass cube encloses a rough deep blue ocean. The overall Cyberpunk style and exudes neon light.
Between the nebula bookshelves, countless books made of transparent crystals slowly rotate around a glowing asteroid.
Generating picture: Draw a woman with skin as smooth as blue and white porcelain. She is quietly lying on her side on a classical wooden couch to take a nap.
An antique brass telescope is placed on the star chart, with several glowing gems scattered next to it, giving the overall steampunk style.
Pixar animation style, a tiny forest elf is standing on the tip of a huge brown bear, reaching out his finger and gently touching it.
In the steampunk style, two huge brass clock towers are suspended in the air, connected between them by a rainbow bridge on which various gears are stationary.
A city made of candies and biscuits is suspended in the clouds. There is no hard ground here, only streets like marshmallow.
In the futuristic room, a man reached out and touched the glowing wall, so the gravity of the entire room disappeared and he floated in the air with the books.
In the animation scene, a boy and a girl wearing the same school uniform are engaged in a magical duel. The girl summons a flaming phoenix larger than the boy's, and a little owl next to her is nervously combing her feathers.
A chef uses two huge carrots as drumsticks as he passionately beats an inverted iron pot.
In the Impressionist oil painting style, an anthropomorphic Paris street lamp is in the foreground, gazing alone at the Eiffel Tower in the distance on a rainy night.
A man is sitting in a cube-shaped transparent glass house suspended above the clouds, with an old typewriter in front of him.
Please draw a cartoon style picture: a fox now has a glowing moon in its belly because it ate moon-shaped cheese from a cheese factory.
A group of little penguins wearing blue hats, all carrying small yellow schoolbags, all lined up in neat rows, marching on the ice field.
Animated movie style, a little girl in a spacesuit, sitting on the edge of a crater on the moon, behind her is the blue earth.
The game character design of a futuristic female soldier. She wears a tight-fitting battle suit with liquid metal texture, holds an energy lightsaber, and her eyes are cold.
Photo generated: There are three kittens on the grass. They are crowded together tightly because they are afraid of the big dog that suddenly barks next to them, and the one on the far left has its head buried.
A snow-white fox with gorgeous butterfly wings is gracefully perched on an ancient tree root covered with moss, with a vigilant look in its eyes.
Create a clay three-dimensional model: a miniature city made of colored building blocks. The river on the left burst its banks, causing the streets on the right side of the city to be filled with water.
In the concept map of the game character, an assassin is wearing a rock camouflage suit that integrates with the environment, so when he quietly passed by on tiptoes, the patrolling guards did not notice him.
Generating picture: A hungry stray cat saw a dried fish, but because it was wet by the rain, it just curled up under the eaves and looked at it pitifully, in a watercolor illustration style.
Please draw: An anthropomorphic clock made of crystal, standing in the foreground, pointing its pointer to a huge gear floating in the distant sky, in a steampunk illustration style.
The sun shines through the window and shines on a glass on a wooden table. Due to the rising temperature, the ice in the cup has melted half, and the water clearly reflects the green trees outside the window.
At the awards ceremony, female hosts in evening gowns and male hosts in suits applauded an athlete with a medal hanging on his chest.
A penguin living in the desert is looking up at the stars in a spacesuit because it fantasizes that one day it can leave the hot earth in a rocket.
An astronaut took off his helmet because he discovered that the alien land under his feet was filled with flowers, in the style of a pop art poster.
A magic book made of liquid metal, with glowing runes floating out of the pages, and the light beam from the top of the cave illuminated it.
In a Memphis design poster, an astronaut gracefully dances ballet at the top of a floating city made of colorful building blocks.
Generating picture: Next to a brand new red basketball, there is a worn and faded basketball, creating a sharp contrast.
An exquisite bronze sculpture depicting the legendary scene of a Trojan Horse being dragged into the city of Troy by soldiers is placed on the museum's booth.
A scientist discovered a cubic extraterrestrial relic. Due to its influence, the scientist and all the equipment in his laboratory became a unified cubic shape.
A glass bottle contained a miniature ocean. Because the bottle was gently shaken, surging waves were set up on the sea and hit the wall of the bottle.
Rusted because no one cares about it all year round, an anthropomorphic street lamp is bent, and the light bulb above its head is like a tear, giving off a weak light.
On the deserted red planet, a silver spacecraft shot a blue beam of light from the bottom, slowly sucking a huge rock into the air.
In National Geographic photography style, a snow leopard lies on the edge of a cliff and peers into the distance, but no prey is found in its field of view.
In a world made of food, a tiny gingerbread man is struggling to climb a huge, round hamburger next to two similar mountains of chips.
Close-up shows a man facing a sumptuous dinner, but he did not move his chopsticks and stared at the empty wine glass on the table with complex eyes.
A young woman stared at the open locket box in her hand, and a complex smile appeared on her face as she saw that an old photo of her grandmother in the box was surprisingly similar to her.
A huge blue portal hangs above the Egyptian pyramid, and a strange-shaped alien spacecraft pulls out to its right.
In the animation style, three children are playing on the grass. Two of them are pushing each other, but they do not argue about it.
Generating picture: In an abandoned city amusement park, the merry-go-round is rusted and there is no one above the Ferris wheel, but strangely, no dust can be seen in the ticket booth.
The game character design includes a fox and a wolf, both wearing futuristic technology-style armor, and the armor both shines with blue light.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a very small hamster finds a huge cookie, but instead of eating it, it strives to carve the cookie into a castle.
Please generate a picture: A boy is carefully holding a pyramidal sandcastle in his left hand, with a small red flag inserted on the right side of the sandcastle. The picture is bright cartoon style.
In a city made of huge building blocks, a giant broke a building block chair and was frantically trying to repair it with other building blocks.
In a forest of giant mushrooms, a fox is gently sweeping a glowing crystal on the ground with its tail, trying to roll it back into its cave.
In the foreground is a huge mountain range with a violent expression. Behind it, the hills in the distance show happy smiles.
In the steampunk poster style, a huge mechanical whale swam in the clouds of clouds. Because of its huge body, it shrouded a much smaller airship in the shadow.
In an abandoned library, a clean hand is gently brushing dust off a heavy ancient book. The burning candle next to the book is brighter than the old oil lamp on the table.
Generating picture: There is an exquisite music box on the table, and when it is opened, a miniature ballet dancer spins and dances with it.
A steampunk desert, with sand dunes, cacti and dead bones made of complex, triangular brass gears.
In front of the desk, the designer on the left was working attentively. He reached out his right hand and handed a USB drive to his colleague standing on the right.
In the future world, there are huge holographic billboards floating above the dilapidated Great Wall, and several metal mechanical wolves are running and patrolling along the wall.
A humanoid creature made of blue crystal staggered backward due to extreme fear, and a horrified expression appeared on the smooth crystal surface.
National Geographic-style photography shows a huge monarch butterfly landing on top of a chameleon, whose skin mimics more complex patterns on the butterfly's wings.
A ballet dancer made of crystal clear glass has a pair of rough and heavy stone wings.
A black cheetah lay lazily, wearing a futuristic silver technology-style costume, showing off the details of the costume.
An ink painting shows a group of koi carp foraging at the bottom of the picture. At the top of the picture, a kingfisher is perched on a willow branch and looks down.
A little orange cat was squatting on the grass. It tilted its head in confusion and looked at a ceramic cat decoration that looked exactly like it not far away, because no matter how it called it, it did not respond.
For the interface of a weather forecast application, because the forecast displays heavy rain weather, the entire interface background also becomes a dynamic effect of dense clouds, lightning and thunder.
A huge astronaut sat alone on the crater of the moon. He held the tiny earth in his palm and stared at it with the deep universe in the background.
On the left side of the screen, an old-fashioned anthropomorphic camera is facing a withered sunflower on the right. Seeing the withered flower, its lens shed a few drops of oil tears.
A bronze sculpture depicts a smiling astronaut on the left side of the picture, sitting and touching a fragile crystal flower with a metal finger on the right.
High-speed photography captured an emerald hummingbird hovering in the air, its high-speed vibrating wings becoming blurred, and its slender beak protruding into a bright red morning glory.
Generating picture: A loyal search and rescue dog found survivors among the earthquake ruins. It lay tiredly next to the rubble with firm eyes. The whole picture takes on a newsreel style.
An explorer wearing a spacesuit stood in front of a huge stone door of an alien relic, looking extremely small and cinematic.
In the steampunk style, a gentleman with arms made of precision brass gears is carefully tightening the mechanical heart of his chest with a clockwork key.
In the Cyberpunk style, a man in futuristic clothes is suspended in the air. His arms are open, his body is glowing, and below him is the endless stream of sky lanes.
On a wooden tabletop, there is a brand new, smooth red apple, and a green apple larger than it and wrinkled on its left rear is placed.
A boy whose body is made of transparent crystal is slowly changing from colorless to deep blue because he feels sad.
On an upside-down city street, a gentleman holds the tip of an umbrella against the ground, but there is no solid ground under his feet.
An open wooden music box with a ballet girl rotating inside, and its base is engraved with exquisite vine patterns.
Flat UI design material, in the middle of the screen is a cute little panda, on its left is a bamboo, and on its right is a rice ball.
In the center of the picture, a man in futuristic clothes is using his mind to control the metal sphere floating in front of him. The background is neon city in a cyberpunk style.
A woman made of clear glass stood in the foreground, gazing at a floating brass tree in the distance, their bodies and trunks flowing with the same golden light.
Please generate a photo: an abandoned old study room, with sunlight shining through the dilapidated windows, but there is no modern furniture in the room, only scattered books and dust.
A terracotta warriors of Qin Shi Huang wore a pair of high-tech VR glasses and experienced the virtual world with a serious expression, with a flat logo design.
Generating picture: A hungry fox found grapes hanging on a vine, but because it couldn't reach it even if it jumped, it had to turn around angrily and leave.
Generated image: A huge mechanical heart made of precision gears and steam pipes hangs in the nebula and exudes soft blue pulses like a living thing.
A glass bottle containing an exquisite sailboat model stands quietly on a wooden table by the window. Behind the bottle is a sun-filled courtyard.
A surrealist painting shows a huge clock melting on a withered branch as time passes and its hands drip with it.
The envelope on the table looked very thick, and he determined that there was something inside, so he stretched out his right index finger and carefully cut it open. The envelope was on his left.
Generating a picture: On a wooden table in the foreground, a young man reaches out and touches an old teacup. The background is the night view outside the window, and everything in the room is shrouded in warm orange light.
A mechanical heart made of gears, because it is powering a city, so the light bulb in the center of the heart is lit up and shines, flattening the logo.
Please design a weather forecast APP interface. In the center of the screen is a huge anthropomorphic sun and at the bottom is a row of small cloud icons with different expressions.
Generating picture: In the ruins of a future city, a tall Cybergram and a short Cybergram stand side by side, both armed with the same blue energy sword.
Cyberpunk-style illustration, a huge mechanical Buddha statue made of neon tubes and circuit boards, sits quietly in the acid rain.
An anthropomorphic panda warrior with an ancient scroll in his backpack, fantasy game concept art, Hayao Miyazaki style.
A huge clock made of flowing water, with two glowing neon fish pointing to three o'clock and nine o'clock respectively on the clock dial.
A solid sculpture of a blue whale made of a dazzling nebula is slowly swimming through an arch below a huge, ancient Roman-style aqueduct.
Please generate a picture: Because the performance failed, a rock musician angrily smashed the guitar towards the right slightly. A piece of guitar had been embedded in the mesh of the slightly.
In the picture, the three dancers are all wearing elegant white ballet dresses, with their arms and legs in a stretched and consistent posture.
A little witch wearing a pointed hat hid behind a huge, glowing mushroom, with only half her head sticking out. Her expression was mysterious, in a fantasy illustration style.
Create a sculpture: a huge, crystal Saturn floating in the sky, with a similar but smaller model of Saturn made of glass on the base below.
A giant robot made of blue and white porcelain is striding across the majestic Great Wall, with the rolling mountains in the background.
In front of a grand stone door stands a pair of similar stone lions. The one on the left is covered with moss because it is in shadow, while the one on the right maintains the original color of stone due to direct sunlight.
A pair of similar sisters wearing the same white dress were weaving wreaths for each other on the sunny grass.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, the man on the left side of the picture is wearing no shoes, and the wooden box next to him is shorter than the metal bucket on the right.
A giant mechanical heart welded from scrap metal gears and springs. Its surface is engraved with precise patterns and flowing with blue energy.
A mysterious black stone tablet stood tall in the red desert. Its surface slowly lit up, and a series of unknown golden symbols emerged.
Generated image: A mysterious light ball is suspended in front of a little fox. It is not scared away. Instead, it tilted its head curiously and stared at this luminous body that does not belong to the forest.
A terracotta warriors-style sculpture depicts three ancient astronauts whose faces reveal shocked expressions due to the discovery of evidence of alien civilization.
Design a logo: a rusty key whose tip breaks because it cannot open a gorgeous lock.
In the studio, a golden retriever knocked over a paint jar. It was curiously sniffing the yellow oil paint on the ground, so the shape of the oil paint was exactly similar to the sun in the painting on the wall.
In a transparent crystal ball, a snow-white Arctic fox is curled up sleeping, with a snowy night sky in the background, in an illustration style.
Afraid of the birthday candle lit in front of him, a kitten hid under the table and only stuck half its head out of the edge of the tablecloth to secretly observe.
A fox made of amber is sealed in a perfume bottle. Because of its precious material, the fox's posture is similar to the outline of the bottle, presenting a high-level and luxurious advertising texture.
In the laboratory of the future, a scientist looked in surprise from the left, because the chimpanzee on the right had just solved the Rubik's Cube, and the experimental indicator light above its head turned green.
In the steampunk style, a mechanical whale is swimming in the sea of clouds. Its body is made of brass and gears, and its back is emitting thick white steam.
Please generate a picture: In front of an Egyptian pyramid, a polar bear is not hiding in the shade. Instead, it is trying to snatch an iced coke from a tourist because it feels too hot.
A miniature model of the city completely carved from glowing crystals, two similar crystal towers stand quietly, one of which is taller than the other and the carvings are more complex.
In a huge wooden treasure chest, there is a smaller crystal box. The crystal material is smoother and brighter than rough wood.
A cup of steaming coffee is placed on the left. Because the aroma is too strong, the rising steam condenses into a clear line of text on the chocolate on the right.
Generated picture: A miniature humanoid robot is squatting down, with a huge, ghostly strange plant on its left and an open toolbox on its right.
In a peaceful Japanese-style courtyard, there is a simple tea cup placed on the moss stone in the center of the courtyard.
A transparent glass jar filled with colorful round candies is placed on a wooden table.
A pair of similar-looking mother and daughter, both wearing pink aprons and a focused smile on their faces, made cute cookies of different shapes with their hands.
Please generate a picture of a city made of huge candies melting, so there are two similar, sticky marshmallow clouds floating in the sky, overall in a fantasy surrealist style.
A mage wearing a starry robe that seemed to contain the entire universe. He held a giant snake-shaped staff.
The torch of the Statue of Liberty contains a miniature future city, and the astronaut on the left is reaching out with his right hand to touch the energy shield protecting the city.
A rusty old car couldn't start. The driver kicked the tire angrily, but the lights turned on and the engine started.
An anthropomorphic Eiffel Tower stretches out its metal arms and caresses a crying classical clock next to it, behind which is the dusk street scene of Paris.
The logo of a solar energy company has the sun above the icon and a leaf below it. A ray of sunlight shines on the leaf, so the veins of the leaves begin to shine, with a sense of technology.
In the Art Nouveau style, an ancient brass key was inserted into the keyhole of a book. Thanks to the nourishment of knowledge, an exquisite mechanical flower was bloomed on the top of the key.
A capybara known as a social star in the animal world is soaking in a hot spring. A squirrel is standing on top of its head, appearing smaller than its ears.
A little boy was afraid and hugged a ferocious statue tightly, but the statue's face miraculously showed a trace of gentleness.
Photography: Three children are standing on the winding stairs. The child in the front looks back and smiles, the child in the middle looks into the distance, and the child at the back is walking up.
Generating picture: During the App's user guidance process, a girl showed a confused and angry expression on her face because she clicked the wrong button three times in a row.
Generated image: In a Cyberpunk-style spacecraft, an octopus is wrapped around a black triangular chip, and blue light paths emerge on its skin as it absorbs data.
The Cyberpunk-style Pyramids of Giza, the huge triangular pyramid is glistening with glowing neon lights.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic diamond alarm clock is more dazzling than the hourglass next to it, floating in front of the hourglass with the vast starry sky in the background.
An astronaut's helmet is not a head, but a miniature universe full of nebulae and bright galaxies, digital art.
Generate a photo: Next to the Paris Tower, a similar tower stands, but it is not made of steel, but made of crystal.
Please draw a picture: In a futuristic white living room, a woman wears a streamlined silver dress whose metallic luster echoes the chrome furniture in the room.
A timid little knight stood in front of a huge dragon, but he had no sword in his hand, only a small yellow flower, and his face was filled with fear and determination.
A giant goldfish the size of a whale is swimming slowly above the city. Below it are tall buildings and above it are floating white clouds.
A shield-shaped logo. Since knowledge is the best defense, the entire shield is composed of an unfolded book, and the lines and styles of all pages are unified.
In the center of the abandoned attic, a dusty wooden table stood quietly. Behind the table, a dilapidated window was ajar, and the sky in the distance was gloomy.
In Cyberpunk style, two similar giant mechanical whales crisscross the interstellar space station, one above the other, their metal fins gently touching.
A clay sculpture, on the left is an anthropomorphic old TV set, covering its face sadly because the screen is broken and cannot play; on the right is a companion standing to comfort it, in a surrealist style.
An anthropomorphic bronze clock puppet, its body is composed of multiple round gears and square metal plates, and its chest is inlaid with a huge round dial.
Please draw a picture: a steampunk sky library that is slowly falling from the clouds because it has lost power. Below the library, there are countless floating books scattered.
A beating mechanical heart hangs in a transparent energy cube, a cyberpunk-style movie picture.
A minimalist line style logo, a contemplative astronaut, his helmet is a perfect circle, not a face inside, but a rotating galaxy.
In the upside-down city, huge whales swam slowly between buildings, and people on the ground below looked up.
On the podium, a business leader stood in the center and spoke confidently. On his left was a young assistant recording, and on his right was a PPT screen displaying key data.
Image generated: On the left side of the frame, astronaut Neil Armstrong is planting a tree made of transparent glass, and on the right side of the tree is the lunar rover.
In a retro poster style, on the left side of the picture is a red mailbox higher than the street light, and on the right side is an old-fashioned bicycle. There are no words on the mailbox.
Generating picture: In a ruins surrounded by magic vines, a stone giant places a huge stone slab on a tilted altar.
A detective looked down at the magnifying glass in his hand, frowning because the casings in the soil in the mirror did not match the victim's caliber.
A steampunk style robot made of abandoned rusty metal gears and pipes slumped feebly in the rubble as the core boiler went out.
A giant alien ship hovers atop an Egyptian pyramid, its metal shell reflecting the desert's golden sunlight.
A model's skirt is composed of flowing lava, and the lava on the edge of the skirt cools and solidifies into obsidian, Gothic style, catwalk.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a penguin wearing the armor of an ancient Roman general is patrolling its territory majestically in the style of Pixar animated films.
Generating picture: A huge whale is swimming in the stars next to an asteroid, which is attracted by the whale's song.
Generating picture: A hamburger made of clay, its sesame seeds are black buttons, and the chips next to it are yellow wool. The overall style is hand-made stop-motion animation.
Generating picture: A huge transparent clock hangs above the sea of clouds, its hands are not rotating, but pointing stationarily to the sky.
An elderly paleontologist leaned over the workbench and carefully cleaned a dinosaur fossil larger than his entire person with a small brush in his hand.
An anthropomorphic compass spins crazily in place because it is at the South Pole, with a confused expression on its face.
The majestic Great Wall, composed of colorful Lego bricks, meanders through a marshmallow sea of clouds, with clouds lingering between its crests.
Surrealist photography shows a fox with crystal wings drinking a river formed by starlight, so its wings are shining brightly.
On the left side of the screen, a huge mechanical clock stopped due to exhaustion of energy. Seeing this, the engineer on the right immediately ran over to prepare to re-wind it.
A huge turtle carries a miniature city on its back. On the left side of the city are Gothic steeples and on the right side are Chinese gardens.
In the Nordic minimalist living room, a golden retriever wags its tail with a satisfied look, and the sun shines on it.
Generating picture: A tired detective is leaning over to check his desk when his eyes instantly sharpen when he finds a key piece of paper hidden under a book.
Generate a three-dimensional art model: a fantasy forest scene in a low polygon style, with a small river in the foreground, a crystal hut on the left bank of the river, a glowing mushroom on the right bank, and all objects are composed of simple geometric color blocks.
On the left side of the picture, an anthropomorphic ceramic teapot is covered with cracks due to excessive sadness, and crystal tears flow from the mouth of the teapot.
A white-haired old painter stood in front of a giant landscape painting. He was admiring his work, with a satisfied smile on his face, in the style of digital art illustration.
In the Cyberpunk style, physicist Einstein wore his trademark tweed suit and futuristic AR glasses, skateboarding on the neon street. The speed around him distorted the surrounding time and space due to its excessive speed.
A magic treasure chest floated above the altar, looking sad because there was nothing, but it did not cry.
Generating pictures: Please design a software interface. An anthropomorphic document icon is running away from the left side in panic because it is about to be dragged into the recycling bin in the lower right corner, making the design flat.
In a clay stop-motion animation style, a huge whale made of galaxies has a lonely, sprouting small planet in its transparent belly.
A floating spherical security robot detected the intruder, but its electronic eye did not display a warning. Instead, it showed a curious expression, in a cyberpunk style.
In a city made up of huge colored books, rivers made of ink flow quietly on the streets, and people paddle quill boats.
In the moonlit marshmallow forest, every tree has a sleepy face, yawning and spitting out shining spores.
A round badge logo with a peaceful lake surrounded by mountains in the center. The lake reflects snowy mountains and has a simple line style.
On the left is a square gear made of crystal that cracked because it turned too fast; on the right is a smaller circular gear, intact.
Please design an APP login interface. In the center of the interface are three cartoon foxes. The fox in the middle is bigger than the two next to it. It has a proud expression, and the other two have a surprised expression. The design style of all elements must be consistent.
In Cyberpunk style, a man is sitting on the left side of the picture. Due to excessive sadness, what flowed out of his eyes were not tears but micro data streams. These data streams gathered on the table in front of him, forming a beating heart.
A humanoid owl wearing a spacesuit is slowly and silently twisting its neck, observing the surface of an unfamiliar alien planet at a range of nearly 270 degrees.
In the transparent cockpit, a mechanical dog lit up a red light after detecting danger. The same mechanical dog in a similar spacecraft next to it immediately entered alert mode.
In the cockpit of an abandoned space station, a rusty robotic hand was carefully stretching out its index finger and touching the shimmering holographic image of the earth on the console screen.
In the vast starry sky of the universe, a crystal Roman Colosseum floats on the left side of Saturn's ring, filled with a glowing blue ocean.
A model of the solar system made of gold and precious stones in which Saturn has five beautiful rings.
A man made of transparent glass was standing in the heavy rain. Because his body was filled with rain, several small goldfish were swimming leisurely in his body.
A baroque bronze sculpture, a heavy anthropomorphic anchor with a pair of angel wings, seems to be about to break free from its shackles and fly into the sky.
A scientist wearing a spacesuit stands in the foreground. A little behind him is a huge spacecraft, with the vast starry sky and a red planet in the background, a science fiction movie promotional poster.
A brown bear wearing an ill-fitting spacesuit, its helmet filled with water and a few small goldfish, floated in the vastness of the universe.
Leonardo da Vinci traveled to Cyberpunk City and curiously studied the human anatomy on the holographic billboard.
On the bank of the Nile River in ancient Egypt, a huge Nile crocodile opened its mouth, and several Egyptian plovers were skillfully pecking between its sharp teeth. In the distance, there was a pyramid.
A huge crystal cave with some glowing mushrooms in the foreground, a crystal bridge spans the middle of the cave, behind the bridge is a waterfall, and under the bridge is a small boat.
Generating picture: A golden retriever spotted a red ball on the grass. It curiously used its nose to arch the ball and took a close-up shot.
A crystal city floating in the universe. All buildings are composed of frozen light. The entire city is in a slowly pulsing state, emitting a soft light.
Generating picture: A sculpture uniformly cast of bronze. The anthropomorphic fox on the left side of the picture is about to pounce on a similar fox on the right side after seeing it stealing grapes.
Create a clay sculpture: a huge hippo opens its mouth and there is a small, shivering bird in its mouth.
A crystal fox sculpture is on the left, and its body is glowing softly because it sees the melting clock on the right.
Generating picture: A girl wearing a crystal dress, without shoes on, and to her right, there is a huge bronze owl statue.
In Pixar's animation style, a brown bear ignored the honey jar next to him. Instead, together with the little squirrel on its shoulder, it looked curiously at the dancing butterflies in front of it.
Generate an image of an anthropomorphic robotic housekeeper awkwardly watering a pot of alien plants, with the spacecraft's interior in the background, in a Cyberpunk style.
In the laboratory of the future, a white-haired scientist stared at the two holographic globes in front of him. As he discovered a way to solve the paradox of space-time, he stretched out his finger and pointed excitedly at one of them.
In the foreground of the picture, a boy is sitting on a square haystack with his back facing the picture. He does not look up. Behind him is a crooked tree, and in the distance are rolling mountains.
As he thought about the universe, Albert Einstein's hair turned into a nebula brighter than the stars, but there was nothing on the desk in front of him, a surrealist photography style.
During the heavy rain, a runaway fishing boat crashed into the old wooden dock, causing a huge splash and a movie feel.
After the rain, a girl squatted on the roadside and cried, but when she saw her funny reflection in the puddle, she couldn't help but burst into laughter.
In a blue forest made of crystals, an astronaut's body became transparent after drinking glowing spring water and was floating weightlessly. As a result, the plants in the forest emitted a unified golden light.
In Cyberpunk style, Cleopatra wore a futuristic dress shaped like liquid metal and walked on the neon lit runway.
Generated image: Inside a quiet library, there is a desk lamp in the foreground, and behind it are rows of tall bookshelves that extend into the distance, presenting a low-polygon art.
A man the size of a thumb stood on a huge dandelion seed, with the seed fluff spreading out like a miniature hot air balloon.
An astronaut made of white porcelain was thinking. Because he had come up with a wonderful idea, he happily drew the shape of a light bulb in the air with his fingers.
The lunar base fell into darkness due to the loss of Earth's signal. There was no one in front of the control console, only the red warning light above the screen was flashing.
A bottle of glass perfume bottle in the shape of a water drop is placed next to a crystal clear water drop. The two shapes are very similar, and the picture is in a clean commercial photography style.
Please create a painting of a rusty key being inserted into the keyhole of an ancient wooden box, but the box has not been opened. The picture is in the style of heavy paint oil painting.
Surrealist art style, a floating staircase made of a liquid rainbow, with notes that solidify into gems dripping on each step.
A running fox, its tail lit up because of its extremely fast speed, resembling a cluster of flames, with a minimalist logo design.
In a peaceful magical forest, a small crystal absorbs moonlight, so its light is brighter than the sleeping giant crystal next to it, with a Xinhaicheng animation style.
In a retro toy store, a little boy in red suspenders was reaching for a blue robot, and all the cars on the shelves had identical round wheels.
Please draw a picture of a diver in the deep sea. There is a glowing crystal palace in front of him. He reaches out and touches the door of the palace. There is a clownfish swimming past on his lower left.
In the watercolor style, a forest hut surrounded by huge glowing mushrooms, soft light shines through the windows and illuminates the path in front of the door.
Generating game props: A pyramid model from ancient Egypt, but it does not have a sense of majesty. Instead, it shows a very funny grimace expression.
Generate a poster: Benjamin Franklin is touching the kite string with a metal key, his hair standing on end with static electricity because of the lightning.
Generating image: A polar bear living in the Amazon rainforest feels very cool in the hot environment because its unique white fur reflects sunlight.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic street lamp broke down. It did not go out. Instead, because of guilt, the light became dimmer and shrouded the lonely street.
Generating picture: Above the ruins of a future city, a huge mechanical heart made of abandoned circuit boards hangs in the center of the picture, with a rusty samurai sword stuck in the ground in the lower left corner.
A huge concrete cruise ship was stranded in the middle of a dry and cracked river bed, with five simple small tents set up on its wide deck.
In the alien forest, dozens of fluorescent butterflies resembling metal dragonflies are flying. The complex patterns on their wings actually contain miniature galaxy patterns.
In the Crystal Forest, a mechanical giraffe is drinking from the glowing stream, but its body is not made of metal, but made of transparent glass.
Photo generated: An astronaut floating in weightlessness in space points out his finger to a collapsing planet in the distance.
Photo generated: An anthropomorphic terracotta warriors of Qin Shi Huang, wearing a spacesuit, is standing on the surface of Mars and looking out at the distant Earth.
In space, a cat as big as a planet was sleeping. In front of it floated an astronaut, whose height was not even as long as a beard of the cat.
In a quaint study, an old man is sitting on the sofa on the left. On the table in front of him, a cat is reaching out its paw to fiddle with a glass, in a photo-realistic style.
A portrait photo of a anthropomorphic alarm clock presents a strong steampunk style as a whole, with sophisticated brass gears in the background.
A model stands in the foreground, wearing an evening dress with a pleated skirt shaped like flowing lava, and behind her is a towering volcanic background.
A bronze sculpture of Albert Einstein, playing an electric guitar, his trademark messy hair stands up anti-gravity because the music is so shocking.
Generated image: A huge anthropomorphic brass gear clock is mending a rift in time and space with its arms, the picture takes on a retro futuristic style.
Generated image: An anthropomorphic pencil wrote the wrong word, but because the eraser next to it was so huge, it couldn't move it at all, so it had to put its hands on its waist in distress.
Generate an animation: Because of the successful landing of Apollo 11, three silent alien obellations on the lunar surface were awakened and began to float silently around the lander.
Photo generated: On the beacon tower of the Great Wall, a future technology portal is opening, with an ancient bronze tripod placed on the left side of the portal.
Pixar animation style, a little girl in a spacesuit stands under a huge mushroom with several glowing crystals floating above her head.
Generating picture: Einstein and Leonardo da Vinci sit together, their attentive expressions are similar, the shape of Einstein's messy hair matches the vortex of steam emerging from the coffee cup.
In the ink painting style, two anthropomorphic celadon teacups quietly look out at the endless mountains in the distance on the Great Wall. They are all surrounded by the same curling heat.
Generating picture: On the stage, a bear in a tutu dances in front of him, with a rabbit playing a violin behind him.
Please draw a picture: In a cartoon style, a fox grinning from the sour grapes, and its claws are still tightly covering its face.
Create a sculpture: a robot made of used gears and iron pipes awkwardly imitating the human dancing posture.
In the steampunk style, there are several huge mechanical whales in the sky, all of which look like a Led Zeppelin. As they swallowed the thunderclouds, electric arcs were flashing on their brass shells, and one of them was circling over the city below.
A painter was painting a sad blue landscape. Because of his heavy heart, his originally bright red shirt turned gray.
A cyberpunk city built of huge building blocks, with neon lava flowing on the streets and fluffy marshmallows in the clouds.
A red panda discovered a metallic music box. Because it was curious about the merry-go-round on it, it was reaching out its claws and trying to touch it, but it shrank back timidly.
A fox wearing a detective's windbreaker concluded that the prisoner must be a large man because it found extremely deep footprints on the mud.
In the Baroque living room, there is a lonely floor-to-floor clock. Because there is no other furniture around it, its clock face does not look happy, but has a melancholy expression.
A hand wearing white gloves was gently opening a heart-shaped gold box with an old black and white photo of a young couple inlaid in the box.
Generated image: A huge man stands on a city street, leaning over curiously at a car the size of a matchbox at his feet.
A sculpture of urban ruins welded from recycled scrap metal is next to an intact miniature garden made of exquisite white porcelain.
A perfume bottle with a dark blue matte texture stands on crystal clear ice, with the looming Icelandic aurora in the distance, with a high-level commercial advertising photography style.
Generating picture: In an ancient study room, a robotic arm is carefully holding a glass bottle containing a rough ocean, but the arm does not touch the cork.
Generating picture: The firefighter rushed into the fire. On his left was a burning sofa. But instead of putting out the fire, he ran straight to the safe in the corner.
In front of the magnificent Egyptian pyramid, two mourn-looking statues of pharaohs stood side by side. Their headdresses and scepters were identical, and the sky was yellow.
Generating picture: In the spacecraft's control room, a female astronaut reaches out her hand to touch a glowing holographic projection of a blue planet floating in front of her.
In the ruins of a future city, two twiny-like robots guard, one of them has no weapons on its robotic arm.
In a pixel-art scene, a lonely robot looks at a whale spacecraft flying in the sky on an empty street, but there is no other life around it.
In the promotional poster of the science and technology exhibition, a female engineer stood confidently in the center of the picture, with a huge holographic earth projection behind her.
A huge crystal obelisk floating in the universe absorbs energy from nearby dying stars, and complex flowing glowing symbols emerge on the surface of the obelisk.
A lady was wearing a pure gold necklace and she looked down at it, which glistened with a warm luster in the light.
Please design an e-commerce poster for pet snacks, with a cute puppet cat lying lazily on a macaron-colored sofa. The picture adopts a fresh and healing illustration style.
In the science fiction illustration style, a futuristic building resembling a giant mushroom. Due to the energy absorption board installed on the top, the surrounding clouds shine brightly, but the building itself does not shine.
Please generate a picture: In Venice in the evening, a gondola boat travels through the ancient waterway, and the buildings on both sides are dyed gold in the afterglow of the sunset, making it very atmospheric.
A female astrologer's hair is a flowing galaxy. Because she foresaw a sad future, the starlight in her hair also dimmed and lost its luster.
The anthropomorphic Mona Lisa comes out of her frame and is taking a selfie on her mobile phone in the Louvre with other tourists in the background.
Pixar animation style, an anthropomorphic terracotta soldier is awkwardly learning to use a smartphone, with a curious and confused expression.
Photo generated: A detective was using tweezers to carefully pick up a triangular metal fragment at the crime scene because he found evidence consistent with the shape of the wound.
An Eiffel Tower made of stacked books has a crescent moon hanging on its left side, with a flat logo style overall.
Generate a photo of a penguin standing at the foot of the statue of Christ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, looking up curiously.
An assassin wearing black leather armor had identical blood-red runes carved on the dagger in his hand and his metal mask.
A woman in a classical robe was sitting quietly by the window of the ancient library, the sun shining on her through the stained glass, in a soft watercolor painting style.
A fat orange cat is lying on the top shelf. Right below it, a small parrot is looking at it curiously with its head tilted.
Please design a logo: on the left is a mother kangaroo with a baby kangaroo smaller than its ears in its pouch, and on the right is acacia, with a flat style.
Generated image: A sky island suspended in a sea of clouds. A waterfall pours down from the edge of the island, forming a gorgeous rainbow in the sun.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot is standing on tiptoes and walking carefully on the Great Wall. The mountains in the distance are endless and the sky is cloudless.
An owl logo with a minimalist line style does not stand on a branch, and one of its eyes is not open, but winks playfully.
Please generate a picture: Due to energy leakage, the interior of an abandoned space station is covered with huge crystals. On the ground in the foreground, there is a floating pen next to an open diary book, which has a realistic cinematic feel.
Generating pictures: The interface of a weather app, all cards, icons and backgrounds follow the same simple flat design style and use a uniform blue tone.
A human heart made of transparent crystal, filled with sophisticated golden gears and steam pipes, is beating rhythmically.
Generated image: A cyberpunk-style personal health management application interface shows a digital virtual human looking at a 3D heart rate chart floating in front of her.
Generate a game prop diagram: an ancient brass compass. Due to long-term absorption of magical energy, its glass surface shows cracked lava patterns.
Fairy tale illustration style, deep in the forest, a little squirrel saw a shining pine cone in front of the mushroom house. Because it was so hungry, it jumped off the branch above the pine cone.
A pitch-black crow stopped in the snow, but the footprints it left after walking by were not black, but gave off a warm golden light.
Generating picture: A glowing electronic butterfly is wrapped in a huge transparent jellyfish, next to a similar electronic moth.
Generating picture: A huge magnet is suspended in the air, so the countless metal paper clips below are attracted and fly in the sky.
A stray orange cat warily walks through a back alley late at night, with garbage cans piled up, and the footage takes a documentary-style shot with a handheld camera.
The control interface of a smart home application has a soft starry sky in the background, and the round switch button in the center of the interface is also dotted with a similar flashing star pattern.
In the animation, a little knight in armor stood on the left page of a huge book. He stretched out his finger and pointed to a fire-breathing dragon on the right page.
In the Japanese anime style, a girl stands in front of a huge floor-to-ceiling window. In the distance outside the window, there is a tower taller than all buildings. The bookshelf behind her is full of books.
A squirrel sat on one side of the chessboard and used its claws to move the chess piece General. Because it won the game, a crack appeared on the crystal Einstein statue opposite it.
A mechanical parrot perfectly mimics the call of a real parrot, causing the real parrot to look at it in confusion, as if looking at itself in a similar-looking mirror.
A man stood in front of the window. Because of the condensation of water vapor on the window glass, he could only see his fuzzy reflection, but the sofa behind him could be clearly seen in the reflection.
Generating picture: A powerful U-shaped magnet is suspended in the air. Because of its magnetic force, the iron filings below are attracted and fly upward to form an arch bridge.
In the alien jungle, there are giant glowing mushrooms on the left, and a strange river flows on the right. A winged lizard is diving down to drink water.
Please design a logo, a smart fox, its tail is a brush dipped in orange paint, in a minimalist and flat style.
Generating picture: An ancient lighthouse stands on the edge of a cliff, with surging waves beating violently against its cornerstone. The picture is full of power.
A giant boy was sitting in the center of a miniature town, his tears forming into a river that surrounded the square house on the left, in a fantasy illustration style.
Generated picture: The two petri dishes on the left hand of an astronaut glow due to exposure to mysterious energy, causing the hibernation chamber on his right to open early, giving a cinematic feel.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teacup stood at the front of the wooden table. It was tiptoeing and curiously peering at the glass vase behind it that was much taller than it.
In the vast universe, a group of glowing whales form a bright star bridge across the galaxy, connecting two distant planets.
A ballerina poses beautifully on the left side of the picture, and her shadow forms a huge heart shape on the wall on the right, with a crayon drawing texture.
In a dimly lit laboratory, a botanist was carefully using a dropper to drop a drop of glowing liquid into a withered potted plant, which instantly bloomed gorgeous flowers.
Flat illustration style, an anthropomorphic blue glass bottle stands lonely, the bottle contains a golden wheat field and sky.
Generating a picture: Please draw an e-commerce advertisement. In the foreground, a model is standing on the left side of a white cube booth, but there is nothing on the booth. She is holding a bottle of makeup water in her hand.
Under the blue night sky, a white lighthouse stands on the edge of the cliff, its light shining far into a lonely red boat in the distance.
A travel promotion poster about Paris features a huge croissant hanging from the spires of the Eiffel Tower and a romantic starry sky in the background.
An astronaut stands on the red sand dunes of Mars. The earth behind him is not blue but gray because it is just a view in a worn crystal ball in his hand.
A steampunk style wooden gear wall clock, because time continues to pass, its two hands have turned into growing branches, and three buds have grown on the branches.
A magician saw two identical top hats on the stage. Sensing that one of them was shaking slightly, he curiously reached out and touched the hat. It felt like a movie.
In the center of the picture, a businessman in a suit is laughing heartily. On his left and right sides are two clowns who are also wearing suits but have sad expressions.
An anthropomorphic sun sets tiredly on the left side, so the moon on the right rises spiritually. The two look at each other and smile, and the overall appearance is simple logo style.
Generated image: An anthropomorphic steampunk instrument band with brass arms and legs on trumpets, cello and drum sets, and all wearing goggles.
In the evening on the grassland, a cheetah bent its body, its muscles tensed, and was gathering strength to pounce forward.
A ballet company is rehearsing on the stage. All the dancers are wearing pink training uniforms. Their movements are neat and elegant.
A little boy covered his ears tightly because he was afraid of thunder, and missed the beautiful rainbow that streaked across the sky outside the window.
Please create a flat style design material. At the top of the screen is a female white-collar worker who is giving a speech, and at the bottom are the corresponding bar charts and pie charts.
Please draw a young entrepreneur, standing in front of a huge floor-to-ceiling window, confidently looking at the night view of the bustling city in the distance, with an illustration style.
In the game's character selection interface, a female mage stands in the foreground. The purple color of her robe is the same as the border color of the skill icon floating in the background. The interface is layered.
In the watercolor style, a city in the sky floating above the sea of clouds, huge whales swimming slowly between the city buildings, as if swimming in the air.
In a minimalist living room, a man in a gorgeous court dress was pleasantly surprised to find that the sofa was made of fluffy white clouds and was about to sit down.
The anthropomorphic Saturn floats in the Louvre, gazing at the Mona Lisa's smile.
An astronaut curiously touched a strange alien glowing plant because of this contact, his arm began to become transparent and gave off a soft light.
Deep in the frame, a huge stone elephant walks slowly, looking curiously at a tiny metal butterfly suspended in mid-air in the foreground.
Still life photography, a huge glass vase contains several small daisies. The vase and daisies are both translucent matte texture.
Generating picture: A little lamb saw the hungry wolf opening its mouth. Not only was it not afraid, it stretched its head over and kissed the hungry wolf's nose.
A penguin in a tuxedo stands on one leg on the stage in the spotlight, using its wings as arms, gracefully conducts the invisible band.
Generating picture: In the center of the picture, an anthropomorphic tomato turned pale from fear when it saw the knife on the left, and there is also a complete tomato in a daze on the right.
In the center of the picture, a huge clay octopus embraces a floating crystal planet with its tentacles, surrounded by several small flying fish playing in a clay stop-motion animation style.
Please create a painting: a girl with a sad expression, her body is composed of countless similar, transparent geometric pentagons, showing a sense of fragmentation, in a Cyberpunk style.
Please generate a Memphis-style e-commerce poster: a fashionable girl with a glowing geometric planet floating in front of her. She didn't touch it, just pointed at it.
In the style of Japanese anime movies, two identical small wooden docks are lined side by the lake in the evening. They quietly stretch out into the sparkling center of the lake.
Generating a painting: Pixar animation style. Because of a heavy rain, in front of the cabin deep in the forest, the ground is filled with puddles, reflecting the roof and the huge mushrooms next to it.
A girl made of musical notes was running lightly in the air. Behind her was a similar but dimmer shadow. Her feet did not touch any entity.
In an open pink gift box sat a cute bottle of anthropomorphic hand cream, covering its face shyly.
The glass statue of a knight is full of light inside. Its transparent armor contains a holy city. The overall glass painting style is used.
A forest chessboard made of glowing mushrooms and moss has several hedgehog chess pieces on the left and several squirrel chess pieces on the right. They are facing each other.
Inside a pyramid made of transparent glass, a whale is swimming slowly around the Egyptian Sphinx.
In the ink painting style, an ancient scholar wearing green Han clothes that match the color of the surrounding bamboo forest is leaning on the bamboo to meditate, with a peaceful and far-reaching expression.
In the magnificent Square of the Forbidden City Taihe Hall, the ground has been transformed into a huge swimming pool, and several cute yellow duckling toys float on the water.
Over the steampunk style of the ancient Roman Colosseum, a huge wooden airship is dropping down a rope ladder, its brass shell shining in the sunset.
A huge mountain range lies across the horizon, and the outline of the ridge rises and falls like a sleeping dragon. The sunset coats its scales with gold.
In a crystal ball, two anthropomorphic soldiers looked at each other at each other's chess pieces because of the king being a general. The chess piece on the left was trembling in fear, while the one on the right looked hopeless.
Generated image: There is a sand chessboard in the desert, with similar ice sculpture king pieces placed on the left and right sides. Due to the heat, the pieces are melting and leaving water stains.
Inside the abandoned space station, a nervously looking astronaut was sticking his head out from behind a sleeping capsule taller than him. The helmet of his spacesuit had obvious cracks.
In the study late at night, a writer was sitting at his desk, but he was not writing. Instead, he looked tiredly at the moon outside the window, looking lonely.
Two completely different apple models are placed side by side on the exhibition stage. One is as smooth as a mirror and shines with a metallic luster; the other is rough as if carved from weathered stone.
A bronze statue of a thoughtful old man, his long beard is in the form of a coiled tree root, and his bent posture is similar to the tree branch sculpture next to it.
In a clay stop-motion animation style, a naughty cat knocked over the anthropomorphic ink bottle, so he jumped up in panic and tried to hold the bottle.
Because the heart-shaped key could not be found, a clumsy robot was trying to break open a huge heart-shaped iron door with all its strength. Screenshot of the animated movie.
In the cartoon scene, next to a dilapidated wooden windmill stands a taller futuristic metal wind turbine, which is in sharp contrast.
A classical music conductor wearing a spacesuit passionately directs a group of floating musical instruments in the weightless space station.
Generated image: A jade carving thinker no longer held his chin in meditation because he solved the puzzle of the two Luban locks in front of him, but stood up and cheered.
Generated image: Three small reconnaissance ships are scanning a huge meteorite. As energy fluctuations are detected, they change from dispersed formation to concentrated on the same side of the meteorite.
A huge rock puppet holds an exquisite mechanical bird in the palm of its hand. The puppet's body is countless times larger than the bird, but it looks even more dilapidated. It is an animated movie scene.
IP character design shows a hamster wearing a spacesuit happily planting a small flag on the surface of a huge cheese planet.
A transparent glass cube is suspended in the foreground, with a pink sphere directly behind it and a yellow cone at the farthest background.
Generate a surrealist photo: an anthropomorphic street light that does not shine, but holds a black umbrella and stands alone on an empty rainy street.
In soft light portrait photography, a boy is sitting under the bookshelf of a huge library, the thick album in his hand is bigger than his face.
In the fantasy animation style, on the back of a huge crystal whale, a little girl reaches out to touch the floating star fragments in front of the left. The whale is swimming in the gorgeous nebula.
In Pixar animation style, a little girl's nose uncontrollably turned into a long carrot because she ate a piece of magic cake, and her expression was both annoyed and surprised.
In a retro pixel art style, on the left side of the picture is a huge castle made of building blocks, much higher than the grove on the right, and clouds are slowly fluttering in the sky.
A card-like interface for a weather forecast application adopts a glass mimicry style, displaying dynamic icons and temperature information turning cloudy to sunny, with a blurred city night view in the background.
An astronaut made of transparent jelly, wearing a glass helmet, was sitting on the surface of the moon, using a fishing rod to try to fish a star.
Design a game scene: a magnificent castle built above the clouds. The castle is surrounded by flying whales, but no birds can be seen.
Due to the detection of unknown data intrusion, the body of a giant mechanical wolf is composed of liquid metal. The radiator on its back is overloaded and emits blue light resembling aurora, in a cyberpunk science fiction style.
Pixar animation style, a tomato transformed into an ancient Roman gladiator, bravely fought against a huge anthropomorphic cheese in the arena.
Generating picture: An astronaut's helmet is not a round glass cover, but is made up of countless flying butterflies in a Gothic style.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, because the elf in the glass jar looked sad, the magic books around it all lost their light, and the entire room also dimmed.
Because a small robot couldn't reach the energy block on the top shelf, it was standing on a stack of books on tiptoe, trying to reach out its robotic hand to grab it. Behind it were parts scattered all over the ground.
The heavy rain had just stopped and there was no one above the street, so the neon lights were completely reflected on the wet ground, leaving behind colorful water.
A clumsy witch attempts to turn a pumpkin into a carriage, only to turn it into a huge, angry pumpkin monster.
There are two figures made of flowing colored ink in the picture. The figure on the left is taller than the one on the right, with their arms intertwined.
A transparent crystal ball is wrapped in an exquisite model of a snow-capped mountain hut, and green smoke is still floating out of the chimney of the hut.
Photo generated: A fantasy castle built with huge colored candies and biscuits, with a river of bubbly chocolate flowing in front of the castle.
Generated image: A silver-white maintenance robot did not repair the flashing red warning light next to it, but extended its robotic arm and touched a glowing alien blue flower.
In the Fauvism oil painting style, a painter's color palette is composed of melted rainbows. The same gorgeous colors are on the canvas, but what is depicted is a sad scene, but the painter has no expression on his face.
A red fox is curled up in a Cyberpunk city alley after the rain. Its body is made of translucent crystal and its body is glistening with the reflection of neon lights.
A flat illustration style poster shows a penguin forced to wander on a tropical beach due to global warming. It wears sunglasses but its expression is very sad.
A cool little panda wearing sunglasses is standing in front of a huge stereo. The robot dog next to it looks much smaller than it is. They are popping together.
A tired search and rescue dog was lying on the ruins. There were no survivors in front of it, only flying dust and the distant sunset.
An anthropomorphic blue and white porcelain teapot, with its body boiling, the lid above its head steaming, and the traditional patterns on its body forming a Cyberpunk skirt, stands in the center of a metal table.
A kitten tripped over a ball of wool on the ground, so it angrily slapped the rolling ball of wool with its paws.
In Cyberpunk style, an old TV set has grown a robotic arm and is snapping its fingers, and the sofa in front of it floats with it.
Game concept art: In the center of an abandoned temple, an explorer reached out his finger and gently touched a glowing ancient rune on the stone altar.
Image generated: A pelican holds a glowing fish in its mouth, so its entire laryngeal sac exudes soft blue light from within.
A bronze bear sculpture is standing on its hind legs, its front paws raised high as if to roar.
A magic library composed of living twisted trees, with glowing runes engraved on the bark, presenting a dark fantasy conceptual art style as a whole.
In the glass display cabinet on the left side of the picture, an anthropomorphic ceramic teacup sits sadly, and a naughty sugar cube on the right side of the display cabinet is waving at it.
Generating a picture: A little girl opened her mouth in surprise because she saw snow for the first time. Her cheeks were red from the cold. The picture was in a warm picture book style.
The beam of a retro desk lamp illuminated an open magic book, and glowing runes appeared on the pages.
Please generate a design material. In a huge transparent glass bottle, there is a very small person standing, looking out curiously through the wall of the bottle.
In the heavy rain, a kitten got into the arms of a big dog on the roadside because of fear. The big dog did not drive it away, but used its body to block the rain.
In the indoor exhibition hall, due to the loss of sunlight, the ancient stone sundial in the foreground could not show the time, and on the wall behind it, a blue electronic clock was shining clearly.
Two hippos in spacesuits, piloting a banana-shaped spacecraft, floated leisurely in the rings of Saturn, animated movie footage.
Please create a picture of a group of ants building a magnificent city out of colorful candies and cookies, with a kitchen counter in the background.
An old anthropomorphic clock looked tired because its pendulum, which served as its legs, was too tired to swing any longer, in a fairy tale picture book style.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a dilapidated radio shed tears composed of rust because it played sad music. The tears dripped on the ground and bloomed metal flowers.
An Eiffel Tower built of candy and chocolate, surrounded by marshmallow clouds and a river flowing with juice, in the Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
A future female warrior wears light armor made of solidified colored nebulae, with flowing lights moving slowly on the surface of the armor.
A girl with a peaceful smile on her face. Her blue dress and the blue bouquet in her hand are of the same color, and the overall is a warm illustration style.
Generating picture: A cute Corgi is sitting in a ceramic dog bowl. The dog bowl is in the middle of the frame, with a bone on the left and a red ball on the right.
Next to a crystal clear glass apple is an apple carved from rough rock, creating a sharp contrast in materials.
An open old wooden box contained only a silver pocket watch. There was a stack of yellowed letters on the left side of the box, but nothing on the right side. The overall picture was full of story.
The pet adoption public welfare poster shows three puppies waiting for adoption on the left side of the picture, and a warm home on the right side is not a cold iron cage, but a warm home.
A mechanical bird made of brass could only tilt its head rigidly and stand motionless on the branch because its internal gears were rusty and stuck.
A heavy old book was opened by a rusty key, and vines and flowers grew around the key on the pages. A surrealist painting.
Generating picture: A woman wears armor made of shiny blue metal sheets, a unique triangular helmet and a steampunk city in the background.
Generated image: A little girl in a spacesuit is looking curiously at an alien creature through the glass. The star pattern on her clothes is exactly the same as the shape of the alien creature's eyes.
On an old wooden table, there was a yellow kerosene lamp on the left, a revolver on the right, and a dilapidated treasure map spread out in the middle.
Generate a science fiction movie poster: a giant corki spaniel curiously sniffing a planet much smaller than itself, with the deep starry sky in the background.
A tired programmer looked haggard due to long hours of work. The code projection behind him did not show bugs, but instead formed a pair of wings.
A huge whale is at the bottom of the picture. Because the water column it spouts nourishes the small island above, a tree grows on the island, with a minimalist logo style.
Three mechanical fireflies of varying sizes fly above Cyberpunk City, one huge one in the foreground and two small ones shuttling between the buildings behind it.
In the dimly lit archives room, a white-gloved hand was using tweezers to pick up an old black-and-white photo with a small conspicuous red stain in the corner.
Please draw a fantasy illustration: a huge crystal tree is in full bloom, and its light shines on a rusty clock, causing the rust of the clock to fall off and become brand new.
A man wearing a white cotton shirt leaned against a red metal classic car and looked into the distance.
Under the purple sky, a golden wheat field swayed in the wind, and the mountains in the distance showed a dark blue outline.
Generating picture: There are three anthropomorphic candles on the left side of the picture. They lit themselves because they were afraid of the darkness, but there is no light on the right side of the picture because there are no candles there.
Generated image: An anthropomorphic robot with a square head made of transparent glass and a glowing asteroid floating inside, in a cinematic style.
A pair of identical robot sisters saw their creator fall, and one of them showed a sad expression and tried to help him up.
Two similar-looking anthropomorphic cactus, one waving in the foreground, the other doing the same on the far hillside behind it.
In the kitchen late at night, by the sink, a pair of well-defined hands were carefully wiping a silver dining knife under the moonlight.
Because its body is full of gold coins, an anthropomorphic wallet steps heavily and its face shows a satisfied and tired expression.
Please design two backpacks, one inspired by butterfly wings and the other from dragonfly wings, which are similar in shape and adopt a Cyberpunk style.
Next to a huge St. Bernard, a petite Chihuahua stood. They looked at the camera at the same time, creating a sharp contrast in size.
A struggling dark cloud is trapped in a crystal bell jar. Due to the impact of lightning, new cracks are constantly emerging on the glass surface of the bell jar. It is a surrealist sculpture.
Pixar style, a girl with skin like cracked porcelain stands under a huge mushroom taller than her, behind a glowing forest.
A mysterious mage wearing a red robe stood on the edge of a cliff with a dazzling starry sky in the background. The picture presented a strong fantasy illustration style.
In a cyberpunk-style futuristic city, a skyscraper is much taller than the ancient temple next to it, and the light of holographic billboards illuminates the sky.
Next to a huge white polar bear stood a much smaller brown bear. They looked up at the sky and saw that the clouds were also shaped like a polar bear.
Generating image: In the laboratory of the future, a scientist hangs in front of two similarly designed red energy cubes, one directly above the other.
On the sunny side of the same mountain peak is a vibrant green forest, and on the shady side is a snowy winter scene.
A little boy stared at the photos of his father when he was young. As he was fascinated, he subconsciously put on a contemplative expression similar to his father's.
Generate a painting: two similar-looking giants, one huge and the other tiny, both floating quietly in the clouds, in a fantasy illustration style.
In the modern and simple living room, a golden retriever wagged its tail excitedly and stared at the door because it heard the familiar footsteps outside the door.
Generating picture: Please draw an astronaut. His helmet mask reflects a bright blue planet, but his spacesuit gradually turns dangerous red due to a malfunction.
A music festival poster with a woman's long hair hanging down like a waterfall. It is similar to the outline of the mountains in the background, and the overall pop art style.
A transparent glass vase shattered on the concrete floor. Due to the impact, clear water and red roses inside were scattered all over the floor.
In the empty examination room, because all the students who submitted their papers in advance had left, only one student was still writing hard. His face was full of concentration and determination.
Generate a photo: an orange cat is on the left side of the screen, staring at a sparrow on the right, with a blurred grass in the background.
Generating image: On the interface of a mobile App, a blue dynamic loading aperture appears around the button because the finger is pressing a download button.
In the minimalist gallery, a curator had just finished arranging the exhibits. Because she was satisfied, she leaned easily against the pure white wall and breathed a sigh of relief.
Generating a photographic work: Due to long-term weathering, the surface of a bronze statue is covered with green rust, and on its right is a dead tree, presenting a melancholy black-and-white documentary style.
Exquisite glass craftsmanship style, an Eiffel Tower made of gingerbread cookies, surrounded by several spherical candy planets.
Generating picture: In the evening on the grassland, a lioness is lying on a nearby rock. Not far behind it, a row of three lion cubs are playing and playing. All the lions are bathed in the golden afterglow.
Design a vector icon, a cartoon-style giraffe with no spots on its neck, lowering its head to drink water, with a minimalist white background.
The movie texture shows a giant orange cat wearing a spacesuit suspended in the weightless environment of the space station, curiously reaching out its claws and trying to grab the floating planet outside the window.
Three anthropomorphic mushroom figures are stacked on top of a mossy tree stump, and the lowest one is trying to stretch his arms to maintain balance.
An ancient rusty ground-to-earth clock, because it wanted to turn back time, not only did its hands not stop, but instead began to rotate rapidly in the reverse direction, and the pendulum also shook violently.
Surrealist style, the library is sunk in the deep sea, books floating quietly on the shelves, and a group of glowing small fish stare at a huge, open fairy tale book.
Minimalist illustration, a plump orange cat is taking a nap on the pile of books on the left side of the picture, and no plants are placed on the desktop on the right side of the picture.
In a sky made of clouds, the stars had to shine brighter lights to illuminate the world because the sun was asleep.
A sad volcano and a happy cloud floated side by side in the sky, with diametrically opposed expressions and a unified solid sky in the background.
In the corner of the abandoned attic, an anthropomorphic old clock covers its face with its hands. Light enters through the broken window, forming a high-contrast black-and-white documentary photography.
Please draw: A clock-faced sunflower conductor, waving his vine arms, directing a group of colorful butterflies circling and dancing in the air.
A fantasy mushroom house village inspired by Gaudi's architecture sits on the surface of the moon. These houses do not have a square window.
Generating picture: A group of cheerleaders support each other to form a three-tiered, vibrant pyramid of real people.
In oil painting style, on a wooden table, a white cat is pushing a glass vase with its paws with red roses in the vase.
Generating picture: At the top of an Egyptian pyramid, a shy cactus blushes, pixel art style.
A logo design depicts two symmetrical blue peaks. Because of the light of the sunrise, the tops of the peaks are dyed with a bright gold color.
A lost golden retriever found an abandoned bus stop in the heavy rain. Although it was soaked, it still stared warily into the distance, the movie scene.
In the fantasy style, the huge floating crystal shines by absorbing moonlight, illuminating the similar-shaped flowers below, but the light of the crystal is far more dazzling than the glimmer of the flowers.
On the lotus leaf by the pond, a frog is puffing its cheeks and chirping, preparing to jump into the water. It is a very tense ink painting.
A chef turned on the oven and saw that the pizza inside was golden and crispy, so he laughed in satisfaction.
A white-haired grandma and her little granddaughter, their hands side by side, contrasting wrinkled hands with childish hands, close-up.
In the abandoned space station, two similar-looking clone guards were working together to lift a huge energy crystal.
Please create a painting: In a silent forest, a man in a cloak walks through a glass grass. The grass is not broken, but ripples due to his footsteps, with a strong Gothic style.
A cosmetics e-commerce poster has a white Persian cat on the left side of the picture. The ground in front of it is not an ordinary floor, but is composed of pink rose petals. On the right side is a blank area for the product display, which is rendered in 3D.
Please design a public welfare poster: A child poured the last drop of water onto a dried sapling. Because it was nourished, the sapling instantly grew new tender green shoots.
The Great Wall is no longer made of masonry, but consists of flowing liquid rainbows, with cube-shaped clouds floating in the sky.
The famous physicist Einstein was sitting on a crescent moon, gently touching a glowing jellyfish made of nebula.
Before the storm, on the dock, an old fisherman and his little grandson were wearing the same yellow raincoat. Their side profiles were almost identical to the way they stared into the distance.
Draw a steampunk picture: a huge mechanical octopus perched on the top of the Eiffel Tower, its tentacles thicker than the tower, and below it is Paris where aircraft shuttle.
Generated image: An ancient bookshelf leans to the left due to the burden, causing a magic book on the far right to fall and the pages are glowing.
An apple carved from smooth black basalt has a pair of exquisite, translucent glazed butterfly wings growing from it.
At the bottom of the picture is a row of plump penguins, and at the top of the picture is a group of flying whales, with a starry sky between them.
At the first snow in winter, bears, squirrels and hedgehogs in the forest are curled up in their respective caves, sleeping because of the cold. The whole picture is peaceful and unified.
The flat-style logo shows a man wearing a chef's hat, which is cleverly composed of a knife and fork.
An abandoned ancient library, all its bookshelves, tables, chairs and floors are covered with a thick layer of white dust.
A girl has huge butterfly wings on her back. When unfolded, they are wider than the skyscraper next to her. It has a super wide-angle lens.
Generated image: A humanoid robot made of discarded tires and metal parts holds up an old umbrella for a stray kitten on a rainy night on a street.
The logo of a chef. His hat is similar in shape to the cocked beard, both of which are curled, and the overall style adopts flat monochrome lines.
In a retro futuristic style, the metal floor of the abandoned space station is rusty, but due to leaking life-saving fluids, many crystal-like transparent plants have grown.
A floating ancient stone tablet was carving mysterious symbols on the small stone ball in front of it with its sharp corner.
A life-size wood carving shows a man holding a crystal ball with both hands. Inside the crystal ball is a little person who looks exactly like him.
Generating picture: A golden retriever holds a tennis ball in its mouth. Instead of putting the ball down, it looks curiously at a blue butterfly flying in front of it.
Please draw a knight in glass armor. He stands quietly with a sad expression, but bright red roses are blooming in the armor.
Generate a picture: Please draw a girl with curly hair as fluffy as clouds in the sky, and a few birds nesting in her hair, as if it was also a sky.
A city in the sky suspended above the sea of clouds. The city's buildings are made of white rocks and vines of huge plants. Several waterfalls fall from the edge of the city into the clouds below.
In a gorgeous retro bird cage, a canary perched on a wooden crossbar in the center, curled up and sleeping. There was a small water dish in the bottom corner of the bird cage.
In the foreground, there is a little boy running on the grass. Not far behind him, a young woman is sitting on a bench and looking at him with a smile. In the distance is the continuous snowy mountains.
On a wooden table, on the left, there was a small porcelain cup that was toppled because the tea in it flowed out, and on the right, there was a huge open book, the pages of which were soaked and curled.
A yellowed old map is spread out on a damp wooden table in the cabin, with a dripping copper compass next to it, with the texture of a suspense adventure movie.
In the center of the picture, a lonely astronaut sits on the red sand dunes of Mars. On his left are the wreckage of the crashed spacecraft, and on the far right are two rising blue moons, in a watercolor style.
The clouds made of crystals melted because they could not withstand the scorching sun, and the dripping colorful rainwater dyed the grayish-white city streets below with colorful colors.
An urban sculpture made of candies, a giant fudge bear taller than a lollipop tree is tearing down a gingerbread house, and the entire scene has no sharp edges and corners.
Photo generated: A firefighter who had just emerged from the fire, his face was covered with soot, but he was holding a kitten unharmed in his arms, so he showed a happy smile.
A triangular mountain peak made of open books. Due to the convergence of knowledge, a clear wisdom stream flows out at the foot of the mountain, with a minimalist line logo.
A gardener was sweating profusely from working in the scorching sun for a long time. He was leaning against a big tree, wiping his sweat with a towel and drinking water.
Generating picture: Smoke is emitting from the chimney of the cabin in the forest, which means that there is someone inside, but there are not a row of footprints on the snow in front of the house.
Please generate a picture: an owl whose feathers are made of sophisticated brass gears and clockwork perched on a magic book suspended in the air.
A giant made up of countless colored candies holds a rotating Ferris wheel in his transparent glass belly.
In the forest made of huge mushrooms, because there is no sunshine, the animals all bring their own light sources. A fox is chasing a butterfly, but it has no malice, just follows curiously.
The personal homepage interface of a pet social App has two characters sitting on the ground in the homepage card, and a kitten jumping lively next to it. The overall style is soft and flat illustration.
Leonardo da Vinci was using charcoal to draw a sketch of the aircraft on parchment. He looked at the pigeon circling outside the window. Its posture gave him infinite inspiration, in a retro sketching style.
A girl wearing a diamond-shaped checked sweater and a bowler hat was facing a heart-shaped mirror to fix her makeup in an impressionistic style.
Please draw a picture: On the left side of the picture, an anthropomorphic alarm clock is raising the hammer in its hand to hit the silent alarm clock on the right because of anger.
In the center of the picture, an astronaut composed of flowing stars is floating weightlessly. Below him, a green earth carved of jade is floating quietly.
Because the rain had wetted his beloved comic book, a red panda wearing a yellow raincoat was sitting on the steps, sadly trying to dry the pages with a hair dryer.
There is a painting hanging on the wall of the gallery, showing an astronaut and an ancient knight facing each other from afar. The astronaut's armor is more shiny than the knight's. The whole painting is in a surrealist style.
The girl wearing a red dress on the left side of the picture jumped up with excitement, and her companion wearing a similar blue dress on the right also happily imitated her movements.
In the study late at night, because the owner stayed up late at night to study hard, three cups of coffee on the table were empty, and a yellow desk lamp next to it seemed to show a tired expression. The overall illustration style was warm and healing.
Gently open an exquisite wooden music box with one hand. Inside the box is a ballet girl who is spinning and dancing in an Art Deco style.
A retro-style poster for a science and technology exhibition has a circular window in the center of the poster, in which an astronaut is waving. There is a uniform blue circuit board texture on the background of the poster and the astronaut's spacesuit.
A little girl stands inside a huge transparent glass skull as dense trees and vines begin to grow on the glass walls as she is imagining a forest.
Photo generated: In the deepest part of the Mariana Trench, a huge swarm of glowing jellyfish illuminates the ruins of the legendary sunken ancient city of Atlantis.
Generated picture: An ancient clock floating in the sky with no hands and a starry sky in the background, in a steampunk style.
Photo generated: Due to the snowfall all night, the streets of the town in the early morning have thicker snow than the roofs next to them, making it extremely peaceful.
Please create a surrealist photography: a person's tears gather into a crystal river, and stars are reflected in the river.
Surrealist paintings show triangular raindrops falling in the sky, so countless diamond-shaped ripples appear on the surface of the lake on the ground.
Generated image: A huge bronze chime hangs in the universe, next to a similar-shaped chime made of nebula.
A close-up of an astronaut. On his helmet mask, a strange and magnificent red planet is clearly reflected.
In the Japanese animation style, the short Napoleon is wearing his trademark hat and is stroking a Saint Bernard terrier taller than him. The overall picture is warm and unified.
Please draw a mechanical bird made of bronze. It is unable to fly due to its rusty wings. It is looking sadly at the sky in a steampunk style.
An emperor penguin with a confused expression is not in the Antarctic, but in the hot Sahara Desert, in a vector illustration style.
An owl with Einstein's trademark messy hair and beard is perched on a pile of glowing books, lost in thought.
In the stop-motion animation style, a puppet astronaut had a crack in his helmet, so he was covering the crack in horror. Behind him, the earth was floating quietly.
In the steampunk style, Holmes stood in front of the mechanical bookshelf behind him, with a confident smile on his face because he had just solved a mystery.
A fragile glass bottle was filled with heavy and angular stones, but the bottle was intact without a trace of crack.
A clothing fabric design with glowing candy planets and shining cookie satellites evenly scattered on it, and a huge chocolate comet in the upper left corner.
In a retro futuristic style, a chimpanzee in an old spacesuit is skillfully manipulating the spacecraft's brass console with gloved hands.
Generated image: An exquisite globe made of various gears and brass parts, rich in detail, and a white background.
In front of the Sydney Opera House, a group of white parrots spread their wings and flew across. Their spread wings resembled the sail-shaped roof of the Opera House, with the blue harbor in the background.
Photo generated: In front of the Egyptian pyramids, a young archaeologist dressed in modern adventure attire receives an ancient papyrus map from an elderly guide dressed in traditional costumes.
Generating animation scene: A clumsy robot learns to dance, but accidentally falls down. The scattered parts on its body actually form a mechanical flower, Pixar animation style.
Socrates, wearing an ancient Greek robe, was debating with a group of young people in the square of Athens. His expression was serious and his gestures were convincing.
Cyberpunk-style, a miniature drone smaller than a hummingbird is projecting an analytical beam at a butterfly whose shell changes from silver to red due to the detection of an unknown gene.
An astronaut is climbing up a huge translucent staircase shaped like a double helix of DNA, with a miniature solar system suspended at the end of the staircase.
An abstract sculpture made of transparent glass and twisted metal lines was placed on a simple white booth, presenting a futuristic style.
On the music player interface, a man is listening to a sad song, so the play button changes from a round to an irregular heartbreaking shape, with the blurred Eiffel Tower in the background.
An anthropomorphic cactus astronaut, wearing a spacesuit smaller than his own body, danced disco on the lunar surface, designed in Memphis.
A dress made of special photosensitive materials. Due to exposure to strong sunlight, the black patterns on the skirt gradually fade away, revealing rainbow-like hidden patterns.
Image generated: Tired of standing all day long, a huge propeller grows on the top of the Egyptian pyramid, trying to break free of gravity and fly towards Mars far behind it.
In Hayao Miyazaki animation style, a red panda is in a floating crystal bubble. Below the bubble is the dense forest floor. The red panda is gazing curiously at a glowing mushroom on the ground.
A forest priestess with moss arms is stroking the forehead of a crystal deer, and its antlers exude a soft light in a mysterious digital painting style.
Please take a photo: an ancient metal key with bark texture and annual rings. On the ground next to it, there is a dry branch very similar in shape to the key.
Generating game settings: A giant bear wearing runic armor is slapping the ground violently with its front paws, causing the ground to crack open and emit magical light.
Surrealist photography, due to the sad music in the room, the glass clock in the foreground melts faster than the one in the background, and the clock face distorts.
It feels like a science fiction movie. A man and a woman are both wearing tight black combat suits, and a huge triangular data screen is floating in front of them.
Still life close-up photography shows an exquisite ceramic teacup placed on a wooden table, and one hand reaches for the teacup but does not touch it. The picture presents a fresh Japanese style.
On the catwalk, the two models wore similar gowns, but the skirt of the model on the left was not as long as the one on the right, and the color was brighter than the one on the right.
Generate a picture: Please create a picture in clay style of an alarm clock with wings flying out of a cloud made of marshmallow.
Generate a costume design: an evening dress made up of countless butterflies. Blue butterflies are concentrated in the upper half of the skirt, while gold butterflies are scattered in the lower half of the skirt.
Generating image: Deep in an alien jungle, several huge mushroom-like plants are spraying colorful spore clouds into the sky, and glowing streams flow on the ground.
Generate an animation of an eagle hovering in the sky, its sharp eyes fixed on a hare on the ground.
A costume design sketch is generated. A model is wearing a Gothic-style dress with a deep dark red body.
A white marble sculpture depicts a young ballet dancer standing on tiptoes and gracefully stretching her arms.
Please draw: The foreground is a moss stone road, with several glowing blue mushrooms on the roadside, and an ancient tree wrapped in golden vines in the background in the distance.
In the game world of pixel art, a huge floating island is covered with glowing crystal mushrooms, and there are no rocks or soil at the bottom of the island.
On a peaceful lake, on the grass in the foreground, a girl in a long dress was reaching out and gently touching a butterfly resting on her fingertips.
Generated image: An anthropomorphic treasure chest that finds itself with only an old shoe in its body. Instead of being disappointed, it falls back and forth with laughter.
Please draw a picture of a game prop: an ancient brass bird cage suspended in the air. Because the magic gems in the cage are glowing, golden cracks are spreading across the metal frame of the entire bird cage. The style of combining cyberpunk and classical magic.
Generating game item: A crystal bottle. Because it absorbs the power of the fire, the bottle becomes as hot as lava and exudes a dangerous light.
In a close-up of the movie, a man's pupil is not a reflection, but a small, hot star is burning.
On the grassland at dusk, a lonely cowboy stood in the foreground, his shadow stretched long. In the background, a group of wild horses were running across the river, causing water higher than horses, in the style of a documentary film.
Under the purple sky of the alien star, a huge city is suspended in the sky. The outlines of the urban buildings are surprisingly similar to the outlines of the glowing crystal clusters on the ground, both of which are in irregular polyhedral shapes.
A huge harp sculpture made of crystals and metal vines. In front of it, an elven queen is stretching her arms and performing magic, in a surrealist style.
A huge transparent apple made of glass is suspended in the air. Inside it, a little hummingbird is flapping its wings vigorously. Behind the apple is a continuous snowy mountain.
A huge hamster in a spacesuit saluted awkwardly as a petite ant lay motionless on the console in front of it.
The flat illustrator poster has a silhouette of a man in the foreground containing a forest, and next to him stands a silhouette of a similar robot with an industrial city.
Please generate a picture: an exquisite floor-to-floor clock with a pendulum made up of a glass bottle containing a beating heart.
Designed in Memphis style, an anthropomorphic cactus dances street dance next to the Statue of Liberty. There are no clouds in the background and the sky is clean and pure.
A man in a spacesuit was using his gloved fingers to carefully pick up a water droplet floating in the air.
In a clay sculpture, a teapot was pouring boiling water into another similar teapot. Because the water was too hot, a crack appeared on the face of the teapot that was poured, showing a painful expression.
A Newton stood still on a wooden tabletop, with an open physics textbook standing behind its metal sphere.
A humanoid sculpture made of glass is covered with cracks due to intense dance, and light shines through the cracks.
On an old desk, an anthropomorphic desk lamp in a top hat is leaning over to illuminate an open book in front of it. Outside the window in the distance is a blurred night view.
In a forest, there are two hairy foxes. They have no tails. Instead, they are a bunch of shining dandelions.
The city had just lost power, and the originally noisy streets instantly quieted down. Only the stars and moon in the sky seemed particularly bright. The ultra-wide-angle lens.
A little girl in a red dress stands in the center of the picture. On her left is a docile golden retriever and on her right is a curious kitten.
There is a temperature-sensitive and color-changing table in the center of the exhibition hall. Due to the sunlight, the originally white table surface is gradually showing hidden landscape painting patterns.
A fantasy world woven of wool. The sky is a light blue wool cloud, the earth is a brown wool carpet, and even trees and houses are woven of wool.
In Pixar animation style, a little squirrel envied the birds in the sky, so he held up two leaves about the same size as his own body and clumsily simulated the bird's flapping wings.
Image generated: In a mechanical forest of gears and steam pipes, an engineer adjusts the leaves of a brass tree with his hands. There is no moss on the ground.
On the left is a melted clock. Due to the high temperature, the numbers it dripped form a pool of water on the right that reflects the stars.
An anthropomorphic sofa comfortably curled up inside a transparent suspended glass bubble chair, leaving the entire space full of futuristic.
A scholar playing Newton was sitting under an apple tree. An apple had just fallen next to him. He fell into thought, and his eyes showed an epiphany, in the style of documentary photography.
In the user rights setting interface of an App, a character illustrator indicates that he is not a member, so he cannot use the VIP function, and the interface is simple and modern.
In a transparent glass box, a green frog saw a fly above its head, so it stuck out its long tongue and tried to catch it through the glass.
The older brother and younger brother look almost identical, because the younger brother won the first place in the exam, and he is proudly showing his full score test paper to his brother.
An anthropomorphic brush with a Da Vinci beard is painting the Mona Lisa winking at the audience on the canvas.
In the Celulu animation style, a huge red alarm clock floated in the universe. It stretched out two glowing hands and carefully pushed aside the nebula in front of it.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, a huge glass bottle contains a mechanical forest composed of brass gears and clockwork.
Please create an animated scene: a pottery sculpture of Qin Shi Huang's terracotta warriors, whose body is covered with cracks, and golden light is shining from the cracks.
Because of the downpour, all the rabbits on the lawn and the hedgehog next to them ran to the same tree hole to escape.
Due to global warming, there is only one lonely polar bear left on an ice floe in the Arctic. The ice under its feet is slowly melting, looking sad.
In the surrealist photography style, a man stands on an empty street corner. Because his heart is full of joy, his shadow breaks free from the shackles and dances alone on the wall behind him.
In a cartoon style, in a comfortable cave, a bear sits in front of a wooden table, carefully pouring water into the teacup in front of him with its paw.
The concept design of the game characters shows a runic kitten riding on the back of a huge runic stone turtle. They all look at a roaring runic wolf in the distance. All animals are engraved with glowing runes of the same type.
In the game scene, in front of the Egyptian pyramid, two pharaoh guards stood side by side. They both stretched out their palms to prevent intruders from entering.
Generating picture: In front of the picture, a kitten is trying to climb onto the bookshelf, but there is no one on the sofa behind it.
A father and his younger son looked exactly alike because his son had just won the competition, and both father and son were wearing red sportswear and had the same bright smiles on their faces.
A polar bear stands on a melting ice floe. With nowhere to go, it is pacing back and forth anxiously, looking into the distance in confusion.
A robot paying homage to the Statue of Liberty holds high a laser welding gun on the desolate Mars.
Generate picture: Please depict Albert Einstein taking a leisurely walk under the Eiffel Tower in Paris in Impressionist style.
Please design the UI interface of a weather APP with a cartoon frog in the foreground and a snowy mountain in the distance behind it. The overall interface has a 3D depth of field effect.
In a huge transparent water droplet container suspended in the air, a small silver fox with six legs was circling a glowing plant.
Generating a picture: a scrawny old mage, facing a huge clay golem, is struggling to raise his arms in an attempt to activate it.
A mechanical bird made of brass gears opens its mouth and wants to sing, but it can only spit out bursts of steam because it is rusty, in the steampunk art style.
Generating picture: Please draw a picture of the huge Titanic cruise ship anchored on the water, and to its left is a modern aircraft carrier that is even larger than it.
A huge moss stone tablet is suspended in the sky of the forest without rotating. Below is a glowing elk preparing to jump, in a fantasy realistic style.
In an alien greenhouse made of huge transparent crystals, many ferns on Earth grow, but the sky here is not blue, but a deep purple nebula.
Minimalist design material, on a white background, seven black pebbles are lined up at the bottom of the picture, with a red pebble on the top.
In the Cyberpunk style, a data messenger downloads massive amounts of data into a righteous eye. Because of the data overload, rainbow-colored binary code flows out of her eyes like tears.
Because its stomach was already full, the squirrel in the basket did not eat the nuts, but used its furry tail to gently sweep the fruits, healing the illustration style.
The abstract mountain line icon, with the river on the left and the sun on the right, presenting a harmonious flat style as a whole.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic old clock is in front of a mirror. It is horrified to find that it has become an electronic clock in the mirror, so its hands begin to reverse crazily.
There is an old-fashioned typewriter in the center of a messy wooden table, a lit desk lamp on the left, and several case files and a black-and-white photo scattered on the right.
In the ruins of a future city, two similar-looking mechanical hounds are patrolling. One is standing on the ruins high up, and the other is floating in mid-air in front of it.
In the dark cave, a one-eyed gray wolf is lying on the ground, wearing a collar made of animal bones and leather rope around its neck, in a movie-level realistic style.
Generating an animation: a rusty iron robot hands a flower to a brand new crystal music box, but it accidentally breaks the petals.
A huge Trojan Horse sculpture, its entire body is cast in bronze. In its hollow abdomen, some tiny soldier statues can be vaguely seen.
Please generate a clay stop-motion animation scene: Because the cake was stolen, the three gingerbread people next to the table did not cry, but instead showed angry expressions on their faces.
Please draw a picture of a man running on a street corner in a future city, with no other pedestrians around him, with towering neon billboards in the background, in a Cyberpunk style.
In the cinematic picture, on the left bedside table, a pear-shaped anthropomorphic alarm clock looks in horror at a shadow with sharp claws sticking out on the right wall.
A futuristic little girl was very surprised to see that the two robots she designed had successfully launched, so she showed them a victory gesture from afar, in a blind box trendy style.
Generating picture: A bear wearing a spacesuit, who was weightless on the moon for the first time, awkwardly mimicked a human ballet. The picture is in a cartoon animation style.
Generating picture: An exquisite wooden music box is located in the center of the picture, with a transparent crystal ball placed on the left and a burning candle standing on the right.
An anthropomorphic clock seemed impatient because it had waited too long. The hourglass next to it looked very similar to it. Both were standing quietly, surrealist.
Generating a picture: Because a hungry fox is trying to eat it, a gramophone carved out of cheese plays music in horror, in the Ukiyo-e style.
A clock hanging on the wall was melting, the hands hung feebly, and the entire clock face showed an expression of exhaustion and helplessness.
Generate an animation: an anthropomorphic crescent moon wearing a star-patterned nightcap is lying leisurely in a hammock made of clouds, yawning sleepily.
A huge crystal ball sculpture contains a floating miniature city. On the right side of the crystal ball is an open magic book.
The female detective finally found decisive evidence, but she did not show joy. Instead, she frowned and her expression became extremely solemn.
The interface design of a weather forecast App shows that the avatar of the sun, who represents sunny days, is round and has a bright and satisfied smile on his face.
In a quiet study, there is a messy desk piled with books and drafts, next to a huge, orderly and spotless bookshelf.
Please generate a photo of an astronaut touching a dead alien tree, which regrows suspended crystal leaves that surround him in a conceptual photography style.
Generating image: Please draw an astronaut, taking off his helmet, with a complex expression of surprise and ecstasy on his face, with a dazzling nebula in the background, in a digital illustration style.
Baroque metal sculptures, an ancient brass compass hangs above a parchment scroll map, its hands pointing towards the North Pole.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, an anthropomorphic cactus wears a pharaoh's headdress. The picture is full of the mystery and unity of the ancient Egyptian mural style.
In Pixar animation style, a huge clumsy elephant is knitting a slender knitted sweater, while a mouse smaller than a knitting needle is commanding him.
In the spacecraft whose anti-gravity device failed, a fox with metal wings floated. It widened its eyes in horror because it could not control its balance.
A living room suspended above the sea of clouds, the furniture is made of solidified rainbows, and the ground is made of soft white clouds.
An ancient interstellar ship gained self-awareness after passing through a wormhole and began to use flashing lights to depict unprecedented star maps in a retro futuristic style.
A simple wooden jewelry box was ajar, covered with red velvet and placed a pearl necklace on it.
Photo generated: Above the top of the Egyptian pyramid, a huge koala is floating in a transparent glass cube, gazing quietly into the distance.
A strange plant that grows on poor alien soil. Its leaves are not green, but are made of flickering energy.
A woman's body is made of transparent glass, and inside her is a vibrant miniature forest with streams and birds in it.
A tiny astronaut is floating on the Great Wall in the universe. Behind him is a huge spiral nebula with a logo design.
On the grass, a snow-white fat rabbit was taking a nap because it was too full to eat, and another thin gray rabbit behind it was standing guard vigilantly.
Generating pictures: On a futuristic stage, envious of the smooth dance of the large metal robot next to it, a small wooden robot is clumsily imitating its movements, Pixar animation style.
Please create a Cyberpunk-style clay sculpture: an anthropomorphic cactus wearing neon sunglasses and holding an electric guitar in its arms.
Generate a picture: Please draw a tired office employee. On his left is a pile of messy documents, but a flower is blooming in the coffee cup on his right due to his fatigue.
Hayao Miyazaki animation style, a pair of identical twin sisters, wearing the same dress of different colors, sit back to back on the grass.
Photo generated: Although the wooden deck under his feet is shaken by the waves, the penguin in metal armor stands firmly and does not move.
Generated picture: In the center of the picture is a magic girl. On her left is a white kitten and on her right is a black crow. Screenshot of the animated movie.
In a spacious fashion design studio, a huge workbench was placed in the center, with fabrics of various colors scattered on it. A few mannequins of different sizes stood against the wall in the distance.
Photo generated: Pixar animation style, Napoleon was horrified to find that he was becoming as tall as the Eiffel Tower behind him because he swallowed three magic meteors.
The movie close-up shows a wooden king chess piece and a similar queen chess piece that fell next to it. Because the queen fell, a crack appeared on the king's face, and its crown was inlaid with a cross.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a boy and a girl are wearing armor with a sense of futuristic technology, both holding glowing energy swords.
Generating picture: On a wooden desktop, there is a huge red apple on the left and a string of small purple grapes on the right. The overall oil painting style is the same.
Generating picture: A huge transparent cube jellyfish with a swimming little goldfish wrapped in its body, surrealist style.
Generating picture: After a heavy rain, rainbows are reflected in the stagnant water in city streets, making up the entire picture of nearby streets and buildings in the distance.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic alarm clock panicked because of oversleeping, the hands spinning crazily, and cold sweat trickling down his face.
The man did not hold an umbrella because of the rain. Instead, he took off his coat to shelter the litter of puppies in a carton on the street from the wind and rain.
A polar bear has strayed into a tropical rainforest and is clumsily trying to fan himself with huge banana leaves due to the hot weather, flat illustration style.
On the moss stone in the quiet forest, a crystal rabbit was lying on it. Because of a crack on its body, the crystal fox behind it was gently touching the crack with the tip of its flame-shaped tail to repair it.
An anthropomorphic glowing mushroom knight, wearing leaf armor, rides a huge fighting snail with spikes on its shell.
An icon set for a weather app contains three icons: sun, clouds and raindrops. They all use rounded lines and bright gradient colors to fill in a unified style.
In the modern and minimalist living room, a woman is curled up in a spherical hanging chair. Her posture is surprisingly similar to the arc of the hanging chair.
In a glass fish tank, a goldfish swam behind several bushes of water grass, and a conch shell was placed in front of the fish tank.
Generating picture: An astronaut holds a cubic box filled with dazzling nebulae. The box is bigger than his helmet.
A miniature landscape made of clay, a small red house is on the top of the hill. In front of the house is a green tree and on the left of the tree is a small river.
On the tranquil lakeside, in the foreground, a huge adult brown bear is catching small fish that jump out of the water with its claws. Under the mountains in the distance, a person is pointing towards it.
A furry fox was lying on a cold metal plate. Because it felt the warmth from the wooden house behind it, it turned its head and looked back warily. It felt like a movie.
A dashboard interface for a data analysis application has a title bar at the top and three circular data charts of different sizes displayed in the middle.
Generated image: An exquisite piece of jewelry art with a pendant as the main body, the shape accurately reproduces the sailing roof structure of the Sydney Opera House.
In the Cyberpunk style, in the night sky of Paris, an Eiffel Tower made of blue neon lights on the left and a similar tower made of red neon lights on the right echo each other.
Please draw: An astronaut saw a friendly alien creature, but he was not surprised. Instead, he showed a sad expression because he missed the earth.
In a fantasy scene, there are two similar book mountains floating in the sky, but there is no ink waterfall flowing down on the smaller mountain, so its pages appear dry and fragile, not as vibrant as the mountain next to it.
Watercolor painting shows an orange fox curled up in the snow, its tail covering its nose for warmth.
Generating picture: The silhouette of a girl does not contain flesh and blood, but contains a sparkling blue ocean with whales swimming freely.
Generated image: In an open antique jewelry box, there is a ring. The carvings on the box are more complex than the ones on the ring.
A small crystal hangs above a huge ancient book. Because it absorbs moonlight, it emits a soft light. The shape of the light resembles a miniature moon.
Generated image: A forest art installation made of glass, the trees in the forest have the texture and flowing luster of liquid metal.
In the center of the picture is a huge ceramic teapot, with a small glass on the left and a medium-sized metal sugar jar on the right.
Generating picture: A tiny spherical seed absorbs mysterious energy and quickly grows into a huge, angular transparent crystal sculpture.
Generating picture: A butterfly and a kite are flying in the air. Their wings have almost exactly the same shape and color pattern, and the background is blue sky and white clouds.
A huge transparent crystal meteorite suspended in space, its inner core containing a glowing future city.
Generated image: In a realistic street scene, an anthropomorphic red mailbox and a green trash can are glaring at each other, both mottled with rust.
On a section of the Great Wall made of huge bluestone, many huge spiral translucent crystals grow.
Generated image: Below a huge floating crystal, there is a cloud made of metal gears. It is not white, but the picture is steampunk.
Generate a picture of a time magician floating in the air, gracefully waving his hands, and the hands of the distant city clock begin to reverse rapidly.
Image generated: On a floating island in the sky, a magician gently waves his wrist at the distant Leaning Tower of Pisa, and the tower slowly begins to repair itself.
Please design a poster: There are two similar-looking flamingos in the picture. They do not touch each other. One lowers its head to drink water, and the other looks up into the distance, in a Memphis design style.
A tiny white porcelain tea cup contains a vast galaxy. Because it cannot bear its huge weight, fine cracks appear on the body of the cup. Surrealist photography.
In the surrealist style, several glass balls are suspended above the ancient book, each containing a weather, and the scene is exactly the same as the illustrations on the pages below.
A huge metal gear had long stopped rotating, so three vines were able to wrap around it, their green leaves contrasting sharply with the rust of the gear, bronze sculpture.
Generating picture: In a forest of giant mushrooms, an explorer stands on one of the mushrooms, reaching out to touch a glowing droplet dripping from another mushroom.
In the peaceful courtyard in the evening, an orange cat is stretching and yawning. The picture is in a warm and healing Japanese anime style.
A little boy couldn't reach the star cookies high in the cabinet, so he was stepping on a square stool and leaning forward to reach out to get them.
Generated image: A forest made of huge crystals. Because there is no sunlight, all plants do not shine, except for a fox gazing at the broken moon in the sky.
In a city made up of huge ancient books, the street layout of the entire city is constantly changing because the wind blows the pages of the buildings.
Generating picture: A clumsy magic apprentice failed to cast a spell. He tried to conjure the moon, but only produced a pile of triangular cheese. He showed a helpless expression.
In a pop-art poster, a young man sits on the Great Wall, touching the ancient city bricks with his hands, with the rolling mountains in the background.
Create a clay sculpture: a huge child sitting in the middle of the city, feeling lonely, and carefully stacking skyscrapers as building blocks.
Because it contained the wrong gift, the surface of one gift box showed a chagrin expression, and another similar box next to it was snickering. The whole thing was in a cute clay style.
The white-haired Einstein, wearing a trademark suit, was standing on tiptoe and struggling to write complex physical formulas on the huge blackboard.
Generate an art photo of a peaceful cobblestone alley with the same dark blue curtains hanging on all windows on both sides of the alley.
Please generate a picture: a Cyberpunk-style boy holding a glowing teddy bear bigger than himself because he is afraid of the darkness, both entities flashing neon lights.
A mechanical cheetah from the future world is covered in silver metal armor, and its blue electronic eyes are shining on the dark Cyberpunk city streets, with movie-quality picture quality.
In front of the warm fireplace, an orange cat stretched lazily with a satisfied expression on its face.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a black cat is squatting on a wooden bridge in the foreground because it is fascinated and curiously looking down at the huge koi under the bridge that is longer than its body.
Please design a game scene: a huge diamond-shaped crystal with three small, circular guardian runes floating next to it.
An anthropomorphic miniature tea cup, filled with boiling hot cosmic nebula, expands into a huge hot air balloon and floats in the air.
Fantasy game concept art: a forest turtle's shell is not an ordinary round shape, but has become a cluster of glowing hexagonal crystals due to long-term absorption of moonlight.
Please design a welcome interface for a language learning app, in which Confucius serves as the guide, smiling and bowing to the user. The interface design style is a new Chinese style.
An emerald green frog was lying on a wide lotus leaf with a smaller frog on its back.
In a cartoon-style bedroom, the little boy on the left is jumping happily on the bed. There is a toy box on the carpet in the center of the room with a teddy bear sitting inside.
Please draw a picture: a floating city made of transparent crystal. There are two similar spires in the center of the city. The overall futuristic art style.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, huge crystal whales fly around the candy-made Eiffel Tower, but there are no clouds in the sky.
On the lake, the necks of two elegant swans intersect to form a perfect heart shape, in a minimalist photography style.
An ancient brass compass, because a butterfly stopped on its pointer, the dial of the compass began to slowly rotate and glow.
In a skin care product advertisement, a young woman's face is wrapped in a circle of huge, crystal clear water droplets. She closed her eyes and looked peaceful.
In Cyberpunk style, a metal heart much smaller than it floats in a huge translucent cubic container. The blue energy light of the heart shines with the complex blue circuit patterns on the container shell.
Generating picture: A giant turtle with huge triangular wings is still in the air, exuding a soft light around its body, presenting a movie-level realistic style.
On the left side of the screen, a mechanical fox with butterfly wings is looking into a fluffy frog wearing a crown on the right side of the screen.
A crystal drop of water dropped on the calm lake. The ripples it caused did not disperse, but instead turned into rings of golden halos floating in the sky.
Generating picture: In front of a clearing in the forest, a fox found a rabbit entangled in vines. Instead of hunting, it stepped forward and bit off the vines that trapped the rabbit with its mouth.
Due to the injection of a mysterious force, the merry-go-round in the abandoned amusement park was restarted, and the horses broke free and ran freely in the night sky.
In the low-polygonal style, a glowing crystal is suspended in the air, and directly below it is a rusty gear that does not rotate.
A fantasy-style game interface with a life bar at the top and a cartoon little knight jumping between floating platform icons at the bottom of the screen. The overall texture is a unified hand-painted paper.
Photo generated: A street dancer is performing a difficult one-handed handstand freeze-motion in front of the city's graffiti wall. The picture has a strong dynamic blur and retro film style.
A pair of cute anthropomorphic mushroom brothers, although one is tall and the other is short, they are all wearing exactly the same red and white polka hats, and together they hold a big green leaf to block out the rain.
In the Ukiyo-e style, in the distance is the Eiffel Tower made of crystal material. At the lower left of the tower is an ocean made of nebulae, with huge lotus leaves floating on the ocean.
Please generate an artistic photo of an anthropomorphic cactus performing an elegant ballet move, but there is no smile on its face.
There is a glass bowl with fruit in the center of the dining table. On the left side of the bowl is a bottle of red wine, and on the front side is an empty goblet.
On the desk in the foreground of the study, several little people made of building blocks are climbing a mountain made of many similar glass apples. The bookshelves in the distance are full of books.
A majestic lion, wearing a crown inlaid with gems, quietly stared into the distance and used Baroque oil painting techniques to depict it.
A crystal mountain was suspended in the sky. Because it emitted a soft light, it attracted a group of paper cranes to fly from below and try to land on the top of the mountain.
An exquisite Fauvist oil painting depicts a brightly colored and exaggerated tiger walking in a jungle intertwined with purple and orange.
Generating picture: Creating a sculpture, a firefighter collapsed to the ground due to exhaustion, but when he saw the rescued kitten in his arms, he smiled gratified.
Generating picture: A crystal carved turtle has no common patterns on its turtle shell, but is covered with fine gear structures.
Because through a thick glass window, the man standing in the rainstorm did not touch a drop of water, and his face revealed a complex calm.
On the abandoned theater stage, a stooped puppeteer could only use his hands to control the puppet to dance because he could not find a suitable thread. The robotic audience below the stage stared at him coldly.
In the Impressionist oil painting style, on the cold Antarctic ice sheet, a large group of emperor penguins are crowded together to keep warm. One of the furry chicks is much smaller than the smooth adult penguins around them, and all the penguins are facing inward.
Photo generated: A kitten is afraid of thunder, holding tightly to the teddy bear doll beside her and curling up in the corner of the sofa, in an Impressionist oil painting style.
A huge, translucent jellyfish floats in the depths of space, its umbrella-shaped body containing a vibrant miniature marine ecosystem.
In the fantasy animation style, on a floating castle in the sky, a lonely little prince is looking at the giant war machine slowly moving on the ground in the distance.
In the children's picture book style, a little hedgehog faces a huge strawberry. It does not try to eat the strawberry, but uses it as a red roof to shelter from the rain.
Design a Nordic minimalist living room with a gray fabric sofa in the foreground, a floor lamp on the right side of the sofa, and an abstract painting hanging on the background wall.
Please create a print: On the left side of the picture is a fox with a peacock feather tail with no food in front of it, and on the right side is a leaning Tower of Pisa.
A cube of ice was sitting on the table, and as it melted under the desk lamp, the toy pyramid on top of the ice tilted and was about to slip.
A Surrealist painting in the style of Salvador Dali-style depicts Albert Einstein, whose brain is a transparent glass labyrinth with a glowing star inside.
An abandoned Ferris wheel stands in the sunset, its rusty cockpit swaying gently in the evening wind.
Generating picture: Under a huge floating rock, an ancient wooden boat is emitting a beam upward. There are no words on the boat, and there are only beams and no other objects in the air.
Photo generated: In the ruins of a waste-style city, a tiny human looks up at a huge, damaged statue of a mecha.
In the modern and simple living room, there are several withered flowers in the glass vase on the table. As a result, a few petals fall on the white tablecloth.
A classic-style marble sculpture depicts a thoughtful young woman with her chin in one hand and a calm and solemn expression.
An astronaut's helmet was covered with cracks due to lack of oxygen. What grew out of the cracks was not fear, but bright nebulae and flowers, a surrealist style.
A huge python's body winds among the mountains like the Great Wall, but there is no beacon tower on its back.
In the cockpit of the spacecraft, after a chimpanzee saw the warning on the left screen, it did not follow the instructions. Instead, it pressed the emergency button on the right with a more determined gesture than a human.
A ballet dancer took off her dancing shoes backstage. Her feet were covered with scars, but her face was filled with a satisfied smile.
Please generate a picture: Three furry rabbits sitting side by side, all wearing a small blue hat. The picture is clean and bright.
A cartoon-rendering-style mechanical squirrel is anxiously tightening the cooling valve on its back with a small wrench due to the overheating of its energy core.
The giant on the left side of the picture holds a little boy in his palm. He is bigger than the boy's entire body. The boy touches his fingertips curiously.
On the lawn, a golden retriever was circling a turtle. It was much larger than the latter. There was a round ball directly behind the turtle.
Leonardo da Vinci was holding a smart phone. The light on the phone's screen was much brighter than the candlelight on the table, and his face showed a confused expression.
A huge mountain range was crying, and tears formed into a waterfall of sadness and poured down its sad rocky face.
A business person who had just finished a difficult video conference leaned back in his chair with a complex expression of fatigue but relief on his face.
The crystal clear glass pyramids sit above Saturn's rings, and the spires reflect the magnificent colors of distant nebulae.
Generating picture: A huge city hangs above a marshmallow cloud, slowly being squashed because the city is so heavy.
A huge astronaut with an entire miniature galaxy in his transparent helmet, Cyberpunk art.
In the animated movie footage, a brave little boy and a shy little girl look at each other across a stream. The boy waves to the girl, and the girl lowers her head and plays with her clothes.
Please generate a picture: A spiral-shaped steeple hut is built on the umbrella cover of huge floating mushrooms. On the left side of the hut is a crescent-shaped pool, in Pixar animation style.
Generating picture: A huge alien worm is slowly crawling through the ruins. To its left, a small robotic dog is barking warily at it.
A row of vegetables in various shapes, including carrots, green peppers and potatoes, all showed very surprised expressions.
A semi-mechanized fox sensed danger lurking around, so the metal scales on its body stood up, giving off a warning red light.
A set of fantasy style armor and weapons, both inlaid with glowing blue gems and engraved with the same ancient runes.
In the foreground of the classroom, a girl is happy because she got the right question, and the boy to her right is depressed because she got the wrong answer. They are shorter than the teacher on the podium.
In the steampunk style, a floating island made of brass clocks is above the clouds. There are no plants on the island, only rusty metal pipes.
Afraid of waking up the huge white bear sleeping on the sofa in the living room, a little girl was tiptoeing across the room to get the small cookies on the table.
A firefighter had just walked out of the fire. Because he had just been roasted at high temperatures, white water vapor was steaming on the surface of his heavy fire-proof suit.
In the new Chinese-style costume design draft, an anthropomorphic blue and white porcelain bottle model is located in the center of the picture, dressed in a flowing silk dress, with several ink bamboo leaves on the right background.
A huge octopus, its tentacles are not fleshy, but are made up of many rotating galaxies and shining nebulae, floating in the deep universe.
On the right side of the picture, a huge whale wearing a spacesuit is tap dancing weightlessly on the surface of the moon. In the upper left corner is a small blue earth, Gothic art.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic red London telephone booth has grown legs and is imitating the Beatles, striding across the zebra crossing on Abbey Road, in a black and white street photography style.
Generating a picture: In a 3D cartoon animation style, a clockwork alarm clock made of crystals grows three pairs of insect wings, flying awkwardly among the flowers, with two bees guiding it next to it.
Draw a picture: In the Miyazaki-style picture, the ancient Egyptian pyramids and the surrounding desert are covered in a dreamy layer of grass.
In a retro futuristic style, an old clock robot is kneeling on the ground, gently touching a glowing plant with its metal fingers. The light of the plant is brighter than the light in its eyes.
In the sun-dappled clearing, a spotted young deer is lying on the ground. The patterns on its body are surprisingly similar to the light and shadow patterns on the ground.
Photo generated: A little bear has a stomach pain because he ate too much honey. He is holding his round belly and rolling on the grass in the forest.
Generated image: An astronaut walks on the surface of the moon, followed by a robot companion with similar movements, in the style of a retro science fiction movie.
The giant phonograph was abandoned in the crater. Because its bell mouth was so huge, a river gushed out of it, forming a waterfall that flowed into the valley.
A sailboat sailing on a calm sea, its sails are a pair of huge and gorgeous butterfly wings.
Please design a Dark Fantatic-style armor for a sad bear. The armor is made of polished obsidian and inlaid with rubies hotter than flames.
A fantasy forest scene. The skins of all trees, flowers, plants, stones and animals in the forest all present the same, translucent glaze texture.
Generating picture: A futuristic city suspended above a sea of clouds. The city is made of glowing energy crystals, and huge mechanical whales are slowly swimming among transparent buildings.
In future Cairo, a floating pyramid is larger than the Pyramid of Khufu, floating quietly in the sky without any spacecraft around it.
Under the night sky of Paris, a giant mech taller than the Eiffel Tower stood. The woman ran away in terror, and an owl perched on the mech's shoulder.
In a marble sculpture, a woman was carved in the rock. Her left hand was placed on the head of a lion next to her, but her face had no expression.
A girl with blue crystal antlers, and her friend who also has blue crystal antlers, are collecting glowing mushrooms in the fluorescent forest.
A young mage accidentally knocked over an ink bottle. The spilled ink did not stain the ground, but turned into a group of flying black butterflies.
Generating pictures: Draw a picture in the Art Deco style of a gentleman standing next to a magnificent brass telescope, his top hat made of flowing nebula.
A photo of the Egyptian pyramids and the surrounding desert, everything shrouded in a thin layer of golden morning fog.
Image generated: A female astronaut wearing a silver spacesuit plants a green seedling in the red desert of Mars in the style of a retro science fiction movie poster.
A crystal clear glass bottle contains a miniature Great Wall made of chocolate biscuits and butter bread, in a Pixar animation style.
A user's cartoon avatar wore a doctoral hat because he completed the novice guidance, so it looked very happy. The entire interface was in a flat illustration style.
The moment captured by high-speed photography: a glass apple shattered under the weight, but the scattered fragments were harder than the iron apple next to it.
A little girl in a blue raincoat stands on the left side of the picture. Because the water on the ground reflects the rainbow, she is squatting down and carefully touching the reflection in the water with her fingers.
In a classical realistic oil painting, a male peacock is flaunting its tail feathers when he sees his favorite female peacock. Its shape resembles a gorgeous oriental folding fan.
Generating pictures: A miniature room model made of clay, a lonely astronaut model sitting by the window, reaching out to point to the golden planet slowly drifting through the window.
In the Ukiyo-e style, in front of the Egyptian pyramid, a camel and a hunting falcon both have exquisite blue-and-white porcelain textures, and they stand quietly.
A modern-style open-plan living room that contains a glass-enclosed indoor courtyard with a small maple tree and some moss, with natural lighting.
In the animation, three apples fell from the tree, and the last one hit Newton on the head, which made him instantly enlightened and his expression turned to surprise.
An Art Deco perfume bottle. The body is made of polished obsidian with gold patterns, and the cap is made of exquisite crystal cut shape.
An explorer wearing a silver spacesuit touched a strange alien plant, so the blue light emitted by the plant was clearly reflected on the mask of his helmet.
On the left side of the picture, a boy looks at the city in the distance with his back facing the camera. Behind him on the right, there is a white-haired old man with a smile.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a fox in a kimono is gracefully practicing kendo next to a cherry tree in the moonlight.
Please design a poster for an environmentally themed event. The main body of the picture is an Egyptian pyramid, but it is not built of stone, but is made of discarded plastic bottles, with no desert in the background.
In a huge glass bottle, an anthropomorphic ceramic clown is climbing hard, with a butterfly resting on his hat, the overall surrealist oil painting style.
The foreground is a crystal clear crystal ball, through which you can see the inverted Western chessboard behind it, and there is also a burning candle next to the chessboard.
An anthropomorphic scarecrow, its body is composed of withered fallen leaves and twisted branches, and a sad expression is carved on the head of the pumpkin. Photo close-up.
Please draw an animated scene: a peaceful lake in the foreground, a small island in the center of the lake, and a row of endless snowy mountains on the horizon in the distance.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit sits alone in the red desert of Mars, with no fear in his helmet, only a gaze at the distant blue Earth.
An abstract sculpture carved from smooth white marble, with smooth lines and a minimalist style, is placed in the Museum of Modern Art.
A huge bronze bell, the dragon carved on the body of the bell woke up and twisted its body, trying to swallow the swallows that were nesting on the top of the bell.
An anthropomorphic compass stands at the North Pole, scratching its glass head in confusion because it cannot find the north.
A street late at night, with no pedestrians or vehicles, street lights casting long shadows on the wet ground, black-and-white documentary photography style.
In front of the library bookshelf, a little boy in a school uniform stood on tiptoes and tried to reach a heavy book taller than him. The tall man on the other side of the bookshelf easily took down the book.
A fox wearing a windbreaker and a detective's hat was holding a magnifying glass and carefully examining the pocket watch in the pocket of a chubby Mr. Badger.
On a clean white desktop, next to a minimalist design skin care product bottle, there is a pearl larger than the bottle cap, product refinement.
A bright nebula floats in an ancient wooden treasure chest. One planet in the nebula emits a soft beam of light towards another planet, in the style of ink painting.
An astronaut stands on the surface of the moon. On his left is the perspective of the earth and on his right is a flag planted in the lunar soil.
A whale made up of nebulae is not swimming in the sea, but because its body has no physical body, it can freely shuttle between the skyscrapers of the city, in the Cyberpunk art style.
A barn owl with feathers similar to dead wood has awakened because the moon has risen behind the mountains and is peeping out from the tree hole where its nest is located.
Because a red pencil is often used, it is much shorter than the brand new blue pencil next to it, making it look dejected.
A painter was depressed, so the landscapes on his canvas were filled with melancholy blue and gray tones.
Generated image: A penguin used a picked wooden stick to light a small bonfire on the ice floe because he was afraid of the cold, and nervously rubbed his wings to keep warm.
A hummingbird with glazed wings, its feathers are composed of small metal gears, and it hangs in the air.
Please draw a Disney-style picture: a lion standing at the top of an Egyptian pyramid, wearing a crown made of diamonds, and a dancing penguin to the left.
Please generate a software UI design diagram: an anthropomorphic folder icon with a larger anthropomorphic recycle bin icon behind it, both icons on the virtual desktop.
In front of the huge pyramid, a river flows upward. There are no fish in the river, but many glowing clocks floating in the river, merging into the stars.
Because of its playfulness, it knocked over the inkbottle. A panicked orange cat was jumping off the desk, leaving a string of black plum blossoms footprints on the manuscript spread out on the table.
A robot with a rusty body was not performing cold procedures, but used its metal pliers hand to gently lift up a fallen flower.
Please design a public welfare poster. A man's neck turned into a curved tree because he looked down at his mobile phone for a long time, with a gray city in the background.
Generate a game scene diagram: depicting an ancient Jiangnan water town in the ink style, but there are no bridges in the scene, only houses and markets traveled by small boats.
The sky turned into an upside down ocean, and raindrops rose upward from the ground. A child was looking up at the fish swimming in the sky.
Please draw: A time traveler shows a shocked expression after seeing a holographic billboard of a future city, and reaches out his finger to touch it.
A huge anthropomorphic clay rabbit showed a complex expression of surprise and joy when it saw a bird parked on its head.
A smart fox wearing a detective windbreaker is holding a magnifying glass to carefully examine the footprints on the ground, in a documentary photography style.
A city floating in the sky, without any streets or vehicles, replaced by bridges made of rainbows and stars.
Generating a clay stop-motion animation style sculpture, a curious kitten climbed into the Trojan horse model and poked its head out of the window to look around.
A steampunk style windup saw a strange glowing flower. Because he was so excited, he reached out to touch it, and there was a similar flower next to it.
An ancient parchment map is laid flat on a wooden table. Since the map depicts the North Pole, the brass compass hands on the map are rotating crazily, and there is a magnifying glass on the right side of the compass.
In the sun-filled room, a kitten pours from the carpet in the foreground towards a ball of wool on the distant sill.
The rain had just stopped, so on the silent street, a lonely street lamp projected its complete and clear reflection into the puddle under your feet.
Generating picture: In the foreground, a boy is holding a puppet wearing the same armor as him. The boy's armor is woven from glowing vines, and a similar vine pattern is carved on the huge stone door behind him.
Please draw: On the left side of the screen, a heroic toy knight robot is waving a sword; on the right side of the screen, another evil toy mage robot is casting spells.
In a quiet corner of the study, on the left is a pot of green plants, and on the desk is a cup of steaming tea and an open book. The picture is in a flat illustration style.
In the Pre-Raphaelite style, a woman with a face similar to Cleopatra is staring at an ancient bronze mirror, looking sad because a silver hair was found in the mirror. She is wearing a dark red robe.
Please design a logo: a drop of water just fell on a seed in the soil, so the seed broke out of the soil and grew a tender bud, with a minimalist line style.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a man stands on the left side of the picture. The map in his hand is spread out showing the structure of the pyramid, which is similar to the shape of objects in the distance.
Please design a logo: a mountain range shaped like an unfolded book, higher than the distant mountain peak, with the ancient Great Wall winding over it, adopting a minimalist line style.
In the center of the junkyard, a man was pushing a rusty car. Next to him, a black dog was circling anxiously, and a still crow was parked on the roof.
Please draw: A snail with a diamond-like shell is slowly crawling. On its left side lies a real diamond much smaller than its shell.
Generated image: A Cyberpunk-style city sits in a huge glass bottle with architectural lights matching the color of the starry sky outside the bottle.
A stag made entirely of blue lava, with hot flames burning on its antlers, stands quietly in the snow at dusk, National Geographic Photo.
A precise robotic arm is placing the last transparent square on the top of the geometry tower. Due to gravity sensing, the entire tower body is lit up layer by layer from bottom to top.
The documentary footage shows a polar bear and a brown bear meeting on the tundra. The polar bear is obviously larger than the brown bear.
A retro futuristic travel poster shows streamlined spaceships and suspension trains shuttling between crystal dome cities.
Under the night sky of Paris, there is an Eiffel Tower made of countless colorful building blocks, but there is no steeple structure on the top of the tower.
In a minimalist bedroom full of futuristic feelings, due to the heavy rain all night long, rainwater leaking from the skylight gathers on the ground to form a mirror, reflecting the starry sky lights on the ceiling.
On the left side of the frame, a snow-white owl stares at a group of white moths on the right side, which are circling a bright kerosene lamp.
Generating game character: An Egyptian desert fox whose tip of its tail ignites a blue soul flame because it solved the puzzle of the pyramid.
An astronaut the size of an ant stood on the left of a huge strawberry, and on the right was a water drop smaller than the astronaut. The whole scene was full of fantasy.
A little girl stood next to a strong man who was much taller than her. Because the girl was holding a fragile dandelion in her hand, the strong man bent down carefully.
A little boy began to float uncontrollably because he accidentally ate a glowing mushroom, waving his limbs in the air.
At the dining table, an anthropomorphic salt shaker accidentally knocked down the pepper shaker. After seeing the other party break, it guiltily used its body to piece together the pieces.
Generating picture: Please draw a tall adult man with a short boy standing behind him. The boy is in the foreground and the man is in the background. Both of them are looking into the distance.
Please draw a picture: Due to a heavy snow, the entire forest was covered with thick snow, and everything was silent. Only a lonely wooden cabin was lit with warm lights. The picture adopted a soft illustration style.
On the left side of the drawing board, an anthropomorphic red brush is dejected because it has run out of paint. On its right, another similar blue brush is handing it new paint.
A little boy was sitting sadly on the steps. When his pet parrot saw it, it flew onto his shoulder and imitated a cheerful song to try to make him happy.
A woman in a long dress stands in front of the blue domed church on the Greek island of Santorini, her arms open against the sea breeze. The background is the Aegean Sea, with fresh and bright travel magazine illustrations.
An astronaut has no face in his helmet mask, but a gorgeous miniature galaxy slowly rotating, with the moon's surface in the background, in a surrealist style.
Generating picture: A boy stands in the center of the picture, holding up a miniature rain cloud with his hands. On his left is a glowing snail and on his right is a stack of tall books.
In the classical study room, a man stroked a wooden statue that looked exactly like him with a complex expression. The movie felt the light.
On the African prairie at dusk, three hungry hyenas are quietly surrounding a lonely wildebeest, and the atmosphere is tense.
In documentary photography style, in front of the Egyptian pyramid, an astronaut took off his helmet, but he did not look at the camera, but stared at the sunset in the distance.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a heavy robot made of stone is sad because the paint has fallen off. A little elf made of water next to it is curiously sizing up the mottled marks on its body.
Generate an advertising image: a transparent glass table in the foreground with a bottle of cream on the table, and a woman standing behind the table with a solid color wall in the background.
Please create a picture: In the center of the picture is a peacock made of broken stained glass, and on the left is a sun made of gold buttons.
In the underwater world, coral reefs have grown into the shape of skyscrapers, and glowing jellyfish shine like street lights up the streets where fish of fish shuttle through.
A gorilla wearing human boxing gloves is standing in imitation of a boxer's posture and awkwardly scratching its back with the gloves.
A little girl reached out and pointed at several seagulls in the distance, but they did not fly away and just walked leisurely on the beach.
An astronaut's helmet is a transparent square fish tank with several goldfish similar in color to his spacesuit swimming around his head.
Generate an illustration for the APP's empty status page: A girl is sitting on the sofa, happily looking at a puppy wagging its tail in the distance.
In the study late at night, the detective was sitting in the center of the table. Because an abnormality was found on the old map on the left, he was holding a magnifying glass in his right hand to carefully observe the mark.
On future Mars, a huge replica of the Great Wall spans the red desert, and all its beacon towers are simultaneously emitting signal beams into the deep universe.
In the evening at the Pyramid of Giza in Egypt, a camel team is slowly moving forward in the desert. The afterglow of the sunset reflects the ancient buildings in the style of National Geographic photography.
Flat illustration style, a blue whale swimming in the upper part of the picture, it is directly below several small coral reefs.
A crystal palace suspended in the universe, surrounded by a river made of star dust. There were no signs of life in the palace, only cold silence.
There was a messy desk with a laptop in the upper left corner, a few books piled on the right, and a half-drunk cup of coffee in the middle.
A mechanical girl dressed in an exquisite Victoria dress, her right arm is a steaming mechanical claw, and her left hand gracefully holds a cup of afternoon tea.
After the heavy rain, the wet cobblestone streets reflected neon lights, making the rough stone surfaces as smooth as mirrors.
A woman is carefully opening an exquisite music box with a miniature of a ballet girl spinning and dancing.
Generating work of art: An ancient Greek model of the Parthenon, carefully pieced together fragments of broken blue porcelain, is placed on a simple wooden stand.
Inside the ruins of the ancient Roman Colosseum, three rainbow-colored hot air balloons are slowly rising into the sky, with a flock of white doves circling above them.
In the ink painting style, an ancient scholar stands in front of an Egyptian pyramid. He looks confused and looks up at the huge pyramid.
Generating picture: A detective found a letter in a dimly lit room. Because he understood the content, his frowning eyebrows relaxed and his face showed a sudden expression, in the style of a film noir.
A cute giant panda is lying on the crevice of the ancient Great Wall, looking out at the mountains in the distance, in a watercolor painting style.
At the top of the picture, a group of glowing fireflies form the outline of a flying phoenix, but due to the curious gaze of a fox below, their formation began to tremble slightly.
An astronaut floats weightlessly in a huge transparent bubble with an upside-down night view of the city.
A set of life-size wood carvings, a giant bent over, playing chess with a smaller figure at his feet, with the chessboard placed on the giant's knees.
A little boy hid under the table because he was afraid of thunder, but he found a kitten under the table that was also trembling, so he gathered the courage to hug it.
In the exhibition hall of the British Museum, the Rosetta Stone Monument stands quietly in a glass display cabinet. The stone tablet is engraved with three ancient characters, and tourists are watching.
In the cartoon scene, two fat pandas, one eating bamboo in the foreground of the picture, and the other sleeping under a tree in the distance.
Please generate a picture of Albert Einstein with a naughty smile on his face. Instead of using a baton, he directly directed notes made of nebulae floating in the sky with his hands.
In the cartoon sky scene, an anthropomorphic white cloud is crying. The tears are composed of small raindrops. Below it is a small house and on the right is the sun.
A retro industrial poster, a huge bronze gear engaged with a row of pinion gears, and the surfaces of all gears are engraved with exquisite patterns.
Generated image: A forest made of metal. Because the steel fruits produced are too heavy, all branches hang to the ground, no grass grows under the forest.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic tomato looks more complacent than the potato next to it, but it is not laughing at the potato, just proud of its fullness.
A bird's feet were entangled in vines. Next to it, a ceramic teapot with legs was reaching out the handle on the lid of the pot to try to untie the vines because of worry. The bird flapped its wings nervously.
Draw a picture: On a huge chessboard, behind the white soldiers in the foreground, an anthropomorphic black horse-shaped piece is raising its front hooves high, with a fallen king's piece in the background.
A clay sculpture by Newton, who had an epiphany of gravity, attracted a miniature moon to hit him. He floated with a stunned expression.
Inside the abandoned space station, an astronaut's helmet floats in the middle, a flashing console on the left and a cracked porthole on the right.
A floating ancient stone tablet sensed the spacecraft's approach, so its smooth black surface rippled and glowing geometric patterns emerged.
In an abandoned corner of the future city, a robot made of rough rock is on standby, covered in moss.
Please draw a picture: In front of the Egyptian Pyramid, an astronaut is overlooking a flying saucer, which is flying from the astronaut's head into the distant desert.
Deep in the damp cave, a huge, heart-shaped ancient tree root grows tenaciously through cracks in the rocks, its surface covered with moss.
A pet food advertising poster shows a cute cat sitting in front of its food bowl with a conspicuous product packaging box behind it.
An anthropomorphic coffee cup, wearing glasses, sat at a table and read the newspaper carefully. The coffee in the cup was steaming, with the texture of a Pixar animated film.
Generated image: In a garage piled with used parts, a man is struggling to lift up a robot made of welded car casings and metal pipes, in a documentary movie style.
Please design a launch page for a book reading APP that adopts a minimalist ink painting style, but it should be more Zen and inspired than the WeChat reading interface.
Generated image: A panda in a spacesuit awkwardly practices China kung fu on the lunar surface, with a distant blue earth in the background, Pixar animation style.
In the dark fantasy art style, a knight in armor made of coiled live snakes stands in the foreground. Behind him is an abandoned castle with a crow flying towards the top of the castle.
Generate a picture: A short little girl looks up at a huge castle, the gate of which is several times higher than her.
A lizard with skin like cracked porcelain is lying on a rough piece of sandstone basking in the sun, National Geographic photography style.
A man made of blue cubes stands in the center of the picture, and everything around him, including the ground and background, is also made of blue cubes of different sizes.
Macro photography shows an orange ladybug parked on green leaves covered with morning dewdrops. The background is blurred and full of vitality, in a documentary style.
Generating picture: A mechanical dog sees a puddle on the ground. Instead of going around it, it scans the puddle and projects an energy bridge across it.
Generated picture: Pixar animation style, on the steps of an ancient Egyptian pyramid, an anthropomorphic hourglass on the left is watering a cactus on the right.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, there is a bustling town inside a huge whale skeleton. There are two similar lighthouses in the town.
Please draw a scene in a fashion design studio: a gorgeous dress hangs on a hanger in the foreground, but the model in the background has no smile and a melancholy look on her face, and behind her is a blank wall.
Photo generated: In a Baroque sculpture, two knights in porcelain armor are trapped inside a crystal ball, beating hard with their fists on the wall of the ball.
Late at night in the kitchen, next to the sink, a pair of wrinkled hands are carefully cleaning a carrot covered with mud, close-up.
Generating picture: A small anthropomorphic tea cup is standing nervously on the edge of a huge wooden table because it is afraid of falling.
In a cyberpunk-style futuristic city, an anthropomorphic terracotta robot holds a neon spear and guards a holographic pyramid.
In the retro Polaroid style, a young girl reaches out and gently touches the raindrops on the window glass with her fingertips, close-up.
In the huge interstellar spacecraft tarmac, several uniformed crew members were working together to push a heavy anti-gravity device. The surroundings were empty and silent, full of a sense of future.
Please draw a Fauvism painting in which a fox is gazing at a starfish shaped like a five-pointed star not far away.
In the sun-filled carpentry workshop, a pair of calloused hands were holding a carving knife and carefully carving the wings of a bird on a piece of wood.
Surrealist painting shows an anthropomorphic mushroom wearing an exquisite suit gracefully holding an umbrella made of huge dandelions for itself.
A volcano made of marshmallows has a hand made of lava reaching out from the crater and is gently touching a small cloud at the foot of the mountain.
In the Ghibli animation style, a fiery red fox stands at the top of the Eiffel Tower. Below is the dark blue night view of Paris, dotted with stars.
Because of the rain of candy in the sky, the streets and roofs on the ground were covered with a layer of colorful frosting.
In Pixar animation style, a huge brown bear stands in front of the creek, and behind it a much smaller fox is looking around.
A majestic whale with butterfly wings is swimming gracefully in the sky full of fluffy clouds.
Because she ate too many glowing mushrooms, the girl's skin began to emit a soft fluorescent light, in the style of Hayao Miyazaki animation.
Because the boy was afraid of the darkness, he hugged a glowing doll tightly, and the light of the doll illuminated his reassured face.
Generated image: A hand in leather gloves assembles a steampunk style brass mechanical heart, with gears and pipes clearly visible.
Generated image: A semi-mechanized tiger sculpture composed of crystal and metal skeleton, the size is longer than a real bus, with a future city in the background, and the overall Cyberpunk art.
An environmentally themed poster shows a little girl in a raincoat running forward on the left side of the picture, and a withering forest on the right side.
A clay sculpture of an ancient soldier, his armor is engraved with a fine cloud pattern.
Inside a huge glass dome, there is a spherical planet made of countless abandoned mechanical parts suspended, and sporadic electric sparks are flashing on the surface of the planet.
Generating picture: A fox is in front of a huge mushroom. After seeing the rabbit holding a carrot on the mushroom, it shows a panicked expression because of fear.
Generated image: A huge astronaut floats next to a miniature model of the Earth, creating a strong contrast in size.
In a Cyberpunk-style apartment, the neon billboard outside the window is so dazzling that a man must wear sunglasses while reading indoors.
A clay sculpture, a fox standing in front of another fox, is fatter than the fox behind, but there are no trees in the background.
On the street corner, a bright red modern plastic chair and a scratched dark wooden bench are lined side by side, in a retro film photography style.
In the animation scene, a Mr. Tea Cup wearing a top hat stands in the foreground of the table. On the distant fireplace, another Mr. Tea Cup who looks similar is standing.
A Cyberg detective stands among towering skyscrapers, with shuttling aircraft below and huge holographic billboards above his head.
A giant hourglass composed of nebulae rests in space, its inner stars brighter than the outer galaxies, and the whole presents an artistic photographic texture.
In a clay-style sculpture, an anthropomorphic Mr. Moon sits in the center of the picture, with a small star on his left and a cloud on his right.
Generating picture: An astronaut stared at the smooth mask of a robot in front of him, horrified by seeing his aging appearance reflected in the mask.
In the movie, an ancient stone bell tower stopped swinging due to long-term disrepair, and green vines grew on the pendulum instead.
A city made up of huge ancient books, with skyscrapers as the spine, and clouds floating in the sky as pages with glowing words written on it.
A fox made of jumping flames is piercing through the depths of a snow-covered forest, in the Ukiyo-e style.
Create a painting: a mechanical phoenix composed of exquisite living metal feathers, presenting a strong Gothic artistic style as a whole.
A public welfare poster with an environmental theme shows the astronaut standing on the moon, reaching out to touch the distant earth, his eyes full of hope.
An award-winning documentary photo of five miners sitting in a circle in a dark alley smoking after work, their faces covered in coal dust.
There are two similar puppies on the grass. One is excitedly chasing butterflies, but the other is not running, just sits quietly and sticks out its tongue.
In the empty museum hall, a little girl opens her arms and imitates the posture of a huge bronze bird sculpture in front of her.
An ancient wooden chessboard is placed in the middle, and the clock on both sides is playing chess. The clock on the left has just made a wonderful move, causing the pendulum of the clock on the right to stop swinging due to shock.
Please generate: In the Xinhaicheng animated movie style, a young man is holding a transparent umbrella alone at the railway crossing where cherry blossoms are falling.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic penguin chef fell down because the ground was too slippery. He was gliding quickly on the ice with his stomach, with a panicked and helpless expression.
Generating picture: An ancient scholar, instead of sitting in his study, is leisurely fishing for stars on a huge jellyfish floating in the air.
Generate picture: A anthropomorphic alarm clock stretches out a hand and pushes the book on the left side of the table to the desk lamp on the right.
Creates an image of an astronaut standing in a huge transparent ecological dome, gazing at a blue planet smaller than Mars in the distance.
Generating picture: An elephant on the left side of the picture rolls up a paintbrush with its long trunk and is portraying a little mouse carrying a drawing board on the right side.
Please draw: The Egyptian pyramids have turned into huge cheese blocks, with a group of cartoon mice happily chewing and making holes in them.
Qin Shihuang and Julius Caesar were looking at each other in surprise when they discovered that their crown styles were surprisingly similar.
A miniature scene in a clay stop-motion animation style, a clay castle and a wooden castle stand side by side. The former is taller than the latter, and a small flag is placed on its tower.
During the Renaissance, Leonardo da Vinci and his apprentices stood in a row, all using the same posture, curiously studying a model aircraft, in the oil painting style.
A woman in a silver spacesuit stared in front of her, the two mechanical police dogs beside her maintaining a crawling and alert posture.
Two astronauts are on the surface of the moon, one is taller than the other, the tall astronaut is jumping excitedly, while the other is sitting tiredly on a rock to rest.
In the futuristic cockpit, a mechanically modified octopus is dexterous with its tentacles pressing the last triangular button on the console because it wants to eat the fish in the glass cover.
A man was dancing excitedly in the rain. Because he was so happy, bright flowers grew on the ground where his feet stepped on.
A tall man in a business suit and a petite woman in casual clothes stood side by side with a white background, and the height difference between the two was obvious.
In an abandoned space colony, a soldier wearing exoskeleton armor jumps from the wreckage of a crashed spacecraft.
In a futuristic no-gravity library, a girl hangs in the center, with floating bookshelves on her left and glowing data-flow waterfalls on her right.
Two similar-looking anthropomorphic alarm clocks were triumphant because one's hands pointed to the correct time, and the other lowered its head in frustration because of the inaccurate timing.
A life-size clay sculpture depicts a man holding out his right hand as if inviting the audience to shake hands with him.
A detective wearing a retro windbreaker stood on a damp cobblestone street in the rain. His expression was solemn because the clues in his hands were interrupted and the Hasselblad camera looked like.
An orange cat was squatting on the grass, gazing curiously at a blue butterfly flying among the flowers in the distance. It was a Japanese small and fresh illustration style.
A small man lived in a huge tear, and his face showed a horrified expression because the tear was about to fall.
A lonely astronaut sat in his transparent helmet. Because he missed the earth, small blue raindrops began to fall from the inside of the helmet, in the style of a Pixar animated movie.
In the desert at dusk, a weathered rock stands on the sand dunes. Its shadow is stretched long by the sunset and projected into the rolling sand sea.
Gently place Newton's apple on an open physics book with one hand, with a minimalist line icon.
The launch page design of a music app features a small cartoon character skating on a huge black film turntable, in a colorful Memphis style overall.
Cleopatra's Egyptian cat, wearing a gorgeous lapis lazuli collar, sits gracefully next to a golden throne against ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic murals in the background.
A man with skin like cracked porcelain was holding a transparent glass leaf in his hand. The posture of his fingers was surprisingly similar to the direction of the veins.
Late at night, a tired detective stood in front of a cork board full of clues, with only a lamp on the table behind him, casting a long shadow.
Please draw: An anthropomorphic compass is smiling proudly at the map because it has finally found the location of the treasure on the ancient scroll map, and the map returns with approval.
Please draw a picture of a lonely wolf howling at the moon on the top of a snowy mountain on a snow-stormy night, in the style of ink painting.
An owl perched on a branch. As the moon rose, its eyes twinkled with wisdom. It stared at the moon and flattened the logo design style.
Generate a concept map of the game character: a future science fiction knight whose fully enclosed glass helmet contains a rotating miniature nebula.
Cyberpunk-style future city night view, skyscrapers are flashing neon advertisements, and an air highway shuttles through it, with the lights of the city reflected on its road surface.
A man wearing new sportswear was taking a halftime break in the gym. He sat tiredly on a bench, sweat soaking his hair in front of his forehead.
Due to the overload of the energy core, a Cyberpunk-style ancient Roman Colosseum is collapsing, and several huge mechanical pythons are climbing up the broken wall in panic.
Generating an animated picture: A sorcerer wearing a cloak is waving his staff with all his strength, summoning a huge bolt of lightning to strike the ground.
A stack of heavy paper books is much taller than the tablet next to it. Because it is so heavy, the books have pressed out slight dents on the wooden desktop below.
The heavy rain had just stopped, neon lights were reflected in the water on the street, and a car hit a fire hydrant, causing the water column to soar into the sky.
Create a picture: Through an old submarine porthole, a little boy in a spacesuit is floating quietly, staring at a huge glowing whale outside the window.
A fashionable female model, she was wearing a dress made entirely of crystal clear ice cubes with a simple studio background.
In the empty abandoned factory, on the left is a pile of rusty gears and on the right is a dilapidated chair, but there is no dust on the chair.
A model was wearing a heavy winter coat made of ice crystals, but her face was sweating slightly because the inside of the dress was extremely warm.
Please draw a picture of a huge bronze clock slowly melting in the center of the ruins of the Colosseum, next to a similar clock made of water.
In a city made up of huge building blocks, an astronaut stands in front of a red building block house. He reaches out and tries to push down the blue building block next to him that is shorter than him. The whole scene is in building block style.
In the conceptual art style, a rusty robot sees a kitten shivering with cold, so it kneels on one knee, shows a worried expression on its face, and opens its warm chest.
Inspired by nature, the thinker Rousseau resolutely abandoned two profound philosophical classics and looked into the distance with a contemplative look.
Generating picture: Scientist Newton thought hard about gravity, and his hair actually grew into an apple tree full of red apples.
Detective Cyberg inserted the data chip into the interface of his arm, and a virtual figure appeared in front of him, with the figure's feet stepping on the shadow cast by the detective.
Above the screen is an anthropomorphic sun smiling, and below is a row of anthropomorphic sunflowers waving at him, presenting the overall Ukiyo-e style.
A huge floating island is suspended in the air. Its shape is very similar to the shell of a turtle. Below the island, a huge bird is circling a conical tower.
Generate a picture: Please draw a Great Wall made of huge colored candies, winding over the sea of clouds.
Flat logo style, with two anthropomorphic bears, one of them dancing happily because they found a jar full of honey.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic cactus, which won an award for its costumes, proudly points to the design on the screen that is brighter than gems.
Generating a picture: Scientist Newton was sitting under an apple tree. Because he saw an apple as smooth as his head, he fell into thought, with a similar apple next to it.
On a rainy night in a future city, a reformer's arms are made of liquid metal and are changing shape with his movements. The surface of the arms reflects the neon light and shadow of the wet street.
Please generate a picture: On the left side of the foreground of the picture is a huge red mug, next to the cup is a small silver spoon, and the background is a blurred bookshelf.
Please generate a painting. On a smooth wooden desktop, an anthropomorphic metal robot is kneeling on one knee, with a transparent glass vase placed in front of it, in the Ukiyo-e style.
A huge ancient library suspended above the sea of clouds. In the foreground, there are winding stone steps leading to the entrance of the library. In the distant view, there are stacked clouds and other floating islands that are vaguely visible.
Please draw a picture: In the pop art style, Marilyn Monroe is wearing a bright green spacesuit with Saturn's halo reflected on the helmet mask.
A Victoria gentleman, wearing a tuxedo, leisurely sipping a cup of pearl milk tea at the top of the Eiffel Tower.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a camel stands quietly with no saddles on its hump. The picture presents a sense of loneliness in a surrealist photography style.
Generate an animated picture: an anthropomorphic alarm clock failed to wake up its owner because of snooze, and it was beating its head with a pointer in frustration.
The UI interface design of a music player is composed of a round play button and two strip-shaped progress bars. The overall glass mimicry style with a matte texture.
Illustrated style, on the left side of the picture is a little boy with crystal horns, and on his right side is a fluffy bear taller than him, but there is no fear on his face.
Generated image: In a cyberpunk-style city night view, a mechanical police dog is tracking a fleeing bionic fox with a red scanning beam from its eye.
A young inventor dressed in steampunk costumes, next to her, a brass mechanical dog is excitedly wagging its tail.
A woman wearing a spacesuit stood on the red desert of Mars, looking out at the distant Earth, in a science fiction illustration style.
In Disney's classic animation style, in the quiet forest, four elves curled up and slept on giant glowing mushrooms.
In the animation scene, a palace made of huge shells is located on the bottom of the sea, next to it is a smaller coral tower. A turtle slowly swims through the sand in front of the palace.
In a flat illustration style, a little fox wearing a yellow raincoat stands on its right side with a frog holding an umbrella.
In the steampunk style, an antique clock looked sad because the pendulum stopped swinging. On its left side was a pot of small vibrant green plants.
Physicist Einstein stood in front of a huge blackboard. The blackboard behind him was filled with the famous mass-energy equations, looking focused.
A mother kangaroo from Australia has a kangaroo's head sticking out of its pouch, with a flat logo design.
Generating picture: A glazed octopus is swimming in the coral bushes made of the same glazed material, and the whole world is crystal clear.
Generating picture: A mountain range made of huge books. Due to the weight of knowledge, the mountain is slowly sinking into a sea of ink. The overall style is fantasy illustration.
A black and white portrait photo of a wrinkled old lady and her young granddaughter facing each other face to face, showing the contrast of time.
In the classical oil painting style, in an abandoned garden, due to constant disrepair, the stone road in the foreground is overgrown with weeds. As a result, the little angel statue in the middle view looks sad and the background is mottled walls.
In a huge abandoned factory, only a small green bud emerged from the ground. Because it symbolizes hope, it is illuminated by a beam of light.
Please generate a picture: movie stills style, three tired travelers standing on an empty desert road, but they have no backpacks.
In the huge spacecraft control room, the female captain smiled and stroked a transparent jellyfish-shaped pet that was floating slowly above her control console.
In a spacious living room, there is an open suitcase full of clothes on the carpet in front of the sofa.
A huge anthropomorphic ceramic piggy bank carefully guards the coins in its belly for fear that they will be stolen.
An emperor penguin stands in the Sahara Desert. There is no ice and snow around it, only continuous sand dunes and the scorching sun.
A Newton's head logo with a brushed metal texture showed a surprised expression of enlightenment because it was hit by an apple.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic glass kettle is carefully pouring the mini ocean and glowing jellyfish contained in its body into a crystal goblet.
A huge jellyfish made of countless transparent bubbles and shining stars, its tentacles are longer than the surrounding floating mountains.
A little fox found a string of footprints in the snow. It lowered its head curiously and sniffed it closely.
Because of the forest fire, charred black trees stood bare, but a new green grass had emerged on the ground.
On the edge of a high-rise floating city, a group of mechanical pigeons is behind a mechanical fox, and a group of mechanical sparrows is circling in the distance.
Because of the failure of the aircraft's design, Leonardo da Vinci stood in front of the easel in frustration. Behind him was a window, but there were no paintings on the easel.
Generated image: Cyberpunk style, with a robot housekeeper on the left and a futuristic Eiffel Tower on the right, which is taller than reality, both of which are composed of glowing neon lines.
Please design a game character: a squirrel scout wearing leather armor stands on a high branch. Although there is a treasure chest in front of it, it raises its telescope and looks into the distance warily.
In a crystal clear crystal ball, an anthropomorphic little cloud is sitting on a swing, in a clay sculpture style.
In the modern exhibition hall overlooking the Shanghai Bund, in the center of a metallic circular booth, a holographic beam projects an image of the floating earth, the overall C4D rendering style.
On a floating metal platform, a girl's lower body is made up of flowing blue codes, overlooking the futuristic city of purple neon lights below, in a Cyberpunk style.
Generated image: A genetically modified lizard with a pair of butterfly wings and a sharp diamond-shaped crystal at the end of its tail.
An ancient magic book is suspended in the air, its pages turning automatically, presenting the overall fantasy conceptual art style.
A blue and white porcelain bottle full of cracks, because of these cracks, gorgeous flowers grow out of it, full of vitality.
The crystal Leaning Tower of Pisa stands in the center of the picture, with three huge metal gears floating around the tower.
An astronaut in the weightless space station accidentally hit a switch, causing the alien plants in the petri dish behind him to instantly wither.
An ancient brass compass, whose hands no longer point north due to damage to its internal gears, points instead to the ground, in a steampunk style.
In the ancient library, rows of tall bookshelves stretch backward, a book is spread out on the desk in the foreground, and light shines in through the left window.
Generating pictures: Please create an ancient Egyptian Canopis jar made of alabaster and the lid has the head of Domtef, the wolf god.
Surrealist oil painting, a huge glowing crystal hangs above the tranquil lake, taller than the mountain peak next to it.
In a dynamic metal sculpture, several metal balls are suspended in the air. Because one of the balls is heated until it becomes red, the other balls are pushed away by a stronger magnetic force, making them even more distant.
In the center of the booth, there is a clock sculpture made of melted ice. Due to the rising temperature, the crystal snowflake gears inside it are dripping on the mirror below.
Please design an APP loading page illustration. The rabbit in the turtle and rabbit race is not lazy, so it is rushing across the finish line proudly.
A crystal whale is suspended in the nebula. Due to its singing power of reality, the cosmic dust in front of it has solidified into glowing notes.
Generating image: An astronaut's helmet cracked because a spiral coral tree grew inside. He is in silent outer space, with the distant Earth behind him.
A huge mechanical heart made of discarded circuit boards and gears beats slowly in the middle of the dilapidated laboratory, emitting a faint blue light.
Please create an Impression-style painting: a colorful kingfisher is quietly perched on a moist lotus leaf after a heavy rain, with crystal water droplets hanging from its body.
A modern and minimalist living room, the main sofa is beige white, and a similar single armchair is placed next to it.
On a Japanese anime summer evening, in a quiet station, a girl looked up at a plane in the sky, leaving a long trail in the sunset.
On the giant mushrooms in the fantasy forest, a chubby orange cat and a similar-shaped fox sit side by side, both with big fluffy tails.
Generating image: In the center of an alien relic, an explorer floats a meter above the ground in the air, both he and the surrounding runic stone pillars emitting the same golden light.
Photo generated: In a futuristic laboratory, an electronic pet cat mistakenly regarded the cleaning robot in front of it as a monster due to a logic chip failure, and bent its body to make a threatening hissing sound. Science fiction movie sense.
A Baroque bronze statue depicts an ancient Viking man, but he gently holds a small ragdoll cat.
Generate an image: in a retro film style, there is an old photo frame with a deer drinking water in the forest in the early morning.
On the wooden tabletop, five red marbles of exactly the same size and color are neatly arranged in a straight line.
In the corner of an antique shop, a brass anthropomorphic clock stood quietly. It stretched out a pointer as an arm and was carefully wiping its glass clock face.
Generating picture: A Statue of Liberty made of colored candies. The torch and codex in her hand are also made of candies.
On a street corner in Paris in the evening, a huge Eiffel Tower stands in the distance. In front of a nearby coffee shop, there are several small tables placed under the red awning.
In front of the Pyramid of Giza, a panda on the left gnaws on a cactus due to hunger, and a camel on the right cast a confused look, in the Ukiyo-e style.
A clay sculpture, a man whose body is made of countless flying butterflies, is stretching out his hands and gently holding a miniature sun.
A transparent crystal, because it absorbs moonlight, and the miniature galaxy enclosed within it is emitting a soft light. The overall style is trendy blind box.
Design a Zen courtyard. The stone lanterns, bamboo fences and stone roads in the courtyard are covered with a thin layer of moss, showing a unified sense of time.
Generating picture: By the clear stream, a little girl with a ponytail is squatting down on the left side of the picture to play in the water, and on her right there is a kitten stretching.
Generating pictures: A gymnast performs an elegant back somersault on the balance beam, with a focused expression, light coming from the side, creating dramatic light and shadow effects, and high-speed photography.
Generating picture: A bronze lion statue is not running because it is not hunting, but yawning lazily on a rock.
A documentary photo shows a hand drawing love with a finger through the raindrops window. Outside the window is the neon night view of the city.
A row of ballet dancers wore the same lace white dress and maintained a still posture in front of the mirror. They stood in front of each other, with exactly the same movements, forming a unified picture.
A kitten was trapped in a transparent energy field. As the signal from the alien spacecraft was detected, the entire force field slowly rose into the sky together with the kitten inside.
An anthropomorphic model is turning around at the end of the catwalk. Because its huge skirt is composed of two jellyfish, its posture is elegant and ethereal.
Outside the porthole of the abandoned space station, a huge tardy animal (water bear) is slowly floating. It is almost as large as the space station.
The gold mask of ancient Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun is displayed in a glass display case with a dim museum in the background, with a mysterious atmosphere and digital painting.
Please generate a three-dimensional sculpture: a transparent glass cube contains a desert. Because it is raining, there are no cactus in the desert.
Generated image: In front of the gold mask of ancient Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun, a modern female archaeologist is holding a magnifying glass to carefully study the hieroglyphs on the mask.
Generated picture: In a clay stop-motion animation style, a stupid bear just pushed down the beehive behind him, but it ran away in panic for fear of being stung by bees. The beehive fell at its feet.
On the right side of the table, a crystal music box is scattered into countless pieces, with a circular gear larger than any piece in the center. It was its wrong size that caused the damage to the music box.
A pair of similar-looking twin sisters, wearing identical but opposite dresses, danced hand-in-hand in face in a gorgeous Baroque room.
A rusty robot hobbled forward as its energy was running out. It raised its metal arm in despair and pointed at the only signal tower in the sky.
A picture is generated: a humanoid robot made of used circuit boards and gears is carefully watering the only surviving sunflower in the ruins of the Doomsday.
Generating picture: A game character has glowing vines and flowers growing on his armor because it absorbs the vitality of the forest.
A boy has a starry sky in his glass body. Because he is sad, a glowing deer in his body is shedding diamond tears.
As the Statue of Liberty's torch went out, a high-tech drone was carefully placing a blue energy ball on the torch's tray.
A gorgeous ground-to-earth clock stood quietly in the corner. There were no hands on its clock plate, and time seemed to stand still because of it.
Design the main sculpture in an exhibition hall and the seats surrounding it, all welded from twisted rusty metal strips, full of waste-punk style.
Because a painter was dissatisfied with the landscape in front of him, he picked up the palette and brush and prepared to create it again on the canvas.
There is a huge floating island in the shape of a whale. On the left side of the island is a glowing crystal tree, and on the right side is a rushing waterfall.
In the cartoon scene, a funny clown wearing a diamond-shaped hat threw three colorful round balls in his hand, with an exaggerated expression.
An archaeologist found a huge circular stone disk in the sand and looked confused because its size did not match the records of any known civilization.
A thin man was dazzled by hunger. On the square dining table in front of him, an illusion of a huge round hamburger appeared.
There was a mirror in the middle of the room. In front of the mirror stood a boy. He was afraid and did not dare to look directly at himself in the mirror.
An astronaut was floating in space. A crystal clear energy cube appeared in front of him, which was slowly rotating.
Close-up shows a man carefully opening an old yellowed letter with trembling hands.
Inside an abandoned interstellar spacecraft, emergency lights glean red, illuminating dusty metal consoles and damaged portholes.
Cleopatra sat on a gorgeous throne, with a black cat in uniform posture on her left and right, all stretching lazily.
A pair of anthropomorphic salt and pepper bottles, holding hands and waltz on the dining table, warm home photography style, warm colors.
In a strange forest where crystal trees grow, two huge blue moons are hanging in the sky at the same time. The scene is like a dream.
An anthropomorphic antique compass, placed on the North Pole of an old globe, smiled contentedly as it finally found its way.
Generate a picture: Draw two jelly-like transparent bubbles that chase each other in the air but never touch each other.
In a messy fashion design studio, there are piles of abandoned drafts to the right of the table, so the designer turns to the mantel on the left and creates directly on it.
The astronaut found a blooming sunflower on the surface of the moon. He was not surprised, but took off his helmet and bent down to smell the flower that was always facing the earth.
A cartoon-style hamster stands on the grass in the foreground, with a huge mushroom behind it and rolling mountains in the distance.
An astronaut saw the blue earth through a porthole for the first time, so his face was filled with awe and surprise, in the Cyberpunk style.
In the Japanese animation style, a boy stands on the edge of a cliff, behind him is a dense forest, and in the distance is a continuous snowy mountain.
Generating image: A physics professor lecturing in front of a blackboard has a face and hairstyle that are strikingly similar to Einstein when he was young.
In a seaside photo, a crystal clear pebble was pushed by the waves and gently hit a larger and rougher dark reef next to it.
A fox stole a corner of the moon, so its tail began to emit soft moonlight, forming a glowing S-shape with a flat logo design.
A statue of a girl carved out of colored glass holds a crystal butterfly in her hands, with an elegant posture and light penetrating her body.
In the huge cockpit of the spacecraft, a translucent holographic image of the astronaut floated. She stretched out her finger and was touching the virtual screen in front of her.
Photo generated: An ancient Egyptian pharaoh is inspecting his pyramid construction site. His face is tired, and the sunset casts his shadow long.
Generating picture: Two drama masks are placed side by side on the table. The one on the left has a smiling face, while the one on the right has a crying expression.
Although there were obvious dirt footprints at his feet, the detective did not look down. Instead, he stared at an inverted book on the distant bookshelf, as if that were the key clue. Retro movie texture.
A knight in armor opened the treasure chest, but what he saw was not gold coins but a puppy. The greedy expression on his face instantly turned into surprise.
An ancient brass compass is placed on a dilapidated nautical chart, with a few gold coins scattered next to it, in a retro oil painting style.
A woman wearing a classical dress stood in an old study filled with sunshine. She looked back sideways, and the light and shadow were mottled, showing a retro style with a movie texture.
A sad blue robot is using metal hands to place a broken red heart into a glass jar because it believes it will heal the heart.
Generated image: An ancient globe cast in bronze, with a bronze compass and a bronze telescope placed next to it.
The legendary sword in the stone is inserted in the center of an ancient rock covered with moss, and the sword is emitting a soft magical halo.
Because the right direction has been found, an anthropomorphic compass is happily tapping its pointer on the map on the desktop. In the air above the map, a cloud is shaped like a key.
Cyberpunk style, a huge throne made up of countless abandoned blue and purple neon tubes stands quietly in the rain.
Generating picture: A man stands at the door of an abandoned barn, a black horse behind him is nervously pawing its hooves and looking into the distance.
In the evening, by the peaceful lake, an old man sat on a bench, quietly watching a kite fly slowly in the distant sky, and the lake reflected the sunset.
A gramophone with butterfly wings is gracefully floating in the air, playing music in the style of ink painting.
In Cyberpunk style, a mechanical fox fell because its energy was exhausted. On its left was a pool of green energy liquid, and on its right was its dropped battery.
The game character is set to show a giant bear with rock skin and lava texture. Its claws are made of obsidian and are roaring.
In a warm study room, the sun shines on the wooden floor from the window, adopting a warm and healing Japanese illustration style.
Generating image: A personified terracotta warriors wearing a costume that combines Qin Dynasty armor with modern Gaoding fashion elements.
A forest of precision brass gears and clockwork, with trees, animals and flowing rivers all mechanical structures.
A three-tailed spiritual fox made of blue crystals was sleeping on a moss-covered rock, and the runes on its body were shining with a faint light.
In the ancient Egyptian exhibition hall, an ancient sarcophagus was opened and a stray cat was curled up on linen inside to take a nap.
A woman in a long dress stood in the wheat field in the foreground, behind her a country road and a lonely windmill on the distant horizon.
In the steampunk style, the hands of the antique clock on the wall did not move forward. Instead, they reversed backwards due to the confusion of the internal gears, and some gears fell from the back of the clock to the floor.
An anthropomorphic flame gentleman wears an ice crystal woven suit to cool down due to his own high temperature. There is a pool of melted water under his feet, and the overall steampunk style.
Generating picture: A statue of a bull cast in bronze, but it is not charging, but quietly lowering its head to smell a small daisy.
Please create a picture: Because there has just been a heavy rain, the water in the city streets reflects the sky, and a passer-by looks at this unexpected beauty with a surprised expression.
A statue of a man made of huge smooth pebbles is sitting quietly, with a small sparrow parked on his right shoulder, giving a surrealist style as a whole.
Please draw a picture: A city made of glass candies begins to melt due to the sun's roasting, and two similar lollipop towers become skewed.
Generating picture: A heavy rain has just passed, so thick fog has risen in the valley, and a rainbow spans the entire valley.
Because of the power overload, sparks flew from the console. The three astronauts in the cabin looked up hurriedly and looked at the huge spherical reactor flashing dangerously red above them. It had the feel of a science fiction movie.
In the dusk desert, a tired traveler was kneeling to the ground with difficulty. His outstretched arm shape echoed the twisted branches of a dead tree not far away.
In front of a replica of the ancient Egyptian Sphinx, a stray cat is stretching and yawning, as if imitating the posture of a lion.
A giant turtle covered with glowing mushrooms, carrying a small forest on its back, was slowly moving forward in the misty night.
Generated picture: There is a huge robot standing next to the Leaning Tower of Pisa in Italy. However, the robot does not straighten the Leaning Tower, but tilts with it.
Two anthropomorphic mushrooms stood side by side, one with a more colorful umbrella than the other, and emitting dots of dreamy light, fairy-tale picture-book style.
Please generate a picture: a red panda hiding behind bamboo, curiously sticking out its head and looking at the flying fireflies in front of them. They are glowing in a warm Japanese animation style.
An anthropomorphic ancient clock felt the passage of life, so its hands began to slowly decompose and turned into golden dust and scattered away.
Generating picture: A young cyberpunk hacker and an elderly Victoria gentleman, standing together, the former appears more technological than the latter.
In a Van Gogh style oil painting, on the left side of the picture is a golden wheat field, on the right side is an ancient windmill, and there is a similar windmill in the distance. The sky and the wheat field have rotating brushstrokes.
In the foreground, there are several small fish swimming in the clear stream. In the middle view, there is a brown bear standing in the middle of the stream. In the far view, there is a dense forest.
A man opens his arms, because his posture is very similar to that of an eagle spreading its wings, as if he will embrace the sky in the next second.
A magic book made of bricks of the Great Wall, without a cover, is carefully flipping its stone pages with vine-woven fingers.
A little bear's stomach became round because he ate honey. It was hiding behind a tree guiltily and looking at the beehive sheepishly.
A miniature landscape model of a suspended island, due to the imbalance of gravity, the cabin above it also tilted, as if it would fall at any time.
A shy Cyberpunk girl blushed because she received a gift from a friend, but she still tried to maintain a cool expression, Pixar animation style.
An illustration of a fantasy forest in which the trees grow into spiral shapes and the ground is strewn with pentagram shaped stones.
With the texture of a retro science fiction movie, the astronauts were surprised to find a glowing blue plant on the unfamiliar red planet.
Under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, a tourist was concentrating on taking photos, so he didn't notice that a bold pigeon was sneaking down and grabbing the baguette in his hand.
Generated image: In an alien desert, on the left side of the picture is a huge abandoned interstellar warship, and on the right side of the picture is a floating metal city, connected by an energy bridge.
A man and a little boy were both dressed up as Chaplin, and the man smiled with satisfaction because the little boy successfully imitated the classic movements, retro black and white film photography style.
In a ruins of glowing mushrooms and clock parts, a fox is building a nest bigger than himself because it has lost its original home.
A jellyfish saw a falling meteor in the deep sea, so it stopped floating and began to imitate the trajectory of the meteor, emitting a bright golden light.
Design a welcome interface for social software: At the bottom of the screen, a boy is teaching the girl next to him to skateboard. The girl is holding his shoulder. The interface is flat illustration style.
Holding a screwdriver in one hand, he was about to tighten the screws on the radio housing, but because music suddenly came from the radio, his hand stopped in mid-air and did not complete the tightening action.
A probe from the future is scanning the Pyramid of Giza, with the sand around it suspended due to its powerful energy, in a Cyberpunk style.
There is a hungry fox in the center of the picture. On its left is a bunch of grapes and on its right is a piece of meat. But because it cannot reach it, it can only watch in disappointment.
Generated image: An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot with butterfly wings is flying out of the center of a huge sunflower flower plate.
An ancient library with a huge oak table piled with dusty books and scrolls.
A steampunk-style mechanical butterfly is gently flapping its brass wings on a flower.
A set of animal-themed Russian dolls, with a bear on the outermost layer and a fox inside. Their painting style and color matching are completely unified.
The upper half of a glass hourglass is filled with stars. As time goes by, the stars are falling like sand and gather into a bright nebula in the lower half.
In the early morning in the kitchen, the sun shines through the shutters on the wooden dining table. There is a basket of fresh fruit in the center of the table, next to a cup of steaming coffee.
In the steampunk style, the man on the left side of the picture has just completed time travel, so the mechanical parrot on his right shoulder is flapping its wings in a warning manner. On the right side of the picture is the Eiffel Tower in Paris.
Generating picture: A penguin made a pair of wings out of leaves and branches, and is standing on the edge of a cliff ready to take off because it is eager to fly.
A little boy wearing a green raincoat, his rain boots and umbrella are also uniform green.
On the street, a group of passers-by wearing the same blue raincoats looked up at the sky with the same surprised expression on their faces.
A huge Victoria-style brass astronomical clock hangs among the shattered lunar debris, its precise gears still rotating slowly on its dial, and the distant blue Earth is in the background.
In a retro futuristic laboratory, astronaut Marie Curie is gently touching a mysterious mineral from outside the world with her glowing fingers.
Surrealist photography style, a transparent apple made of glass contains a starry sky. Because the nebula is flowing, the surface of the apple also shines brightly.
In the Renaissance studio, scientist Leonardo da Vinci is standing, holding a glowing stylus, drawing a blueprint for the aircraft on a floating tablet.
Generate a photo: In a hot desert, a group of penguins are holding huge palm leaves on their heads as umbrellas because they can't stand the scorching sun.
An astronaut wearing a gray spacesuit was floating in front of the space station's round window, which looked out of the huge blue earth, with another astronaut wearing a white spacesuit behind him.
A serious-looking female magician was using magic to make several identical ancient books float in front of her and arrange them neatly.
An alien city suspended in a purple nebula. The buildings are composed of glowing crystals and energy rivers flow on the streets. The overall appearance is Cyberpunk style.
An anthropomorphic onion wearing a chef's hat stands on a huge chopping board with a huge kitchen knife behind it and scattered diced carrots below it.
Please generate a picture: On a floating island in the sky, an anthropomorphic cactus gentleman stands at the forefront, behind it is a huge brass telescope, in a surrealist style.
Generating picture: A hand is gracefully pinching a transparent glass apple, but it is not about to eat it. The texture of the apple is smoother than the real apple, in a steampunk style.
Generating picture: An old watchmaker has a tired and satisfied smile on his wrinkled face because he repaired the crack in time, and the gears around him have re-emitted a soft light.
There is a statue of a scholar carved out of white marble, and the stone table in front of him is also made of the same material. Due to years of thinking, the lines of wisdom are weathered on his forehead.
Please design a ladies 'dress. The design is inspired by movable type printing, one of the four great inventions of ancient China. It embellishes the skirt with Chinese character blocks as decorative elements.
A man wearing a spacesuit is trapped in a huge transparent glass bottle, with the suit and the nebula in the bottle unified in blue.
Please create a picture of a lion standing on the edge of a cliff, roaring into the sunset, photographed in the style of a National Geographic documentary.
On a dark wooden table, the Newton's pendulum in the glass cover on the left was swinging high due to the impact, and an ancient sheepskin book covered with dust was spread on the right.
Generating picture: A still life photography with a white ceramic plate in the center of the picture. On the left side of the plate are three sugar cubes and on the right side is a small silver spoon.
In a Miyazaki animal-style scene, on an island floating above a sea of clouds, all plants and buildings are made of crystal clear glass, shining with a soft light.
A surrealist three-dimensional art scene with two similar peaks made of fluid metal suspended in the air, but they have no hard entities, and a smaller mountain in the background.
A minimalist living room, all the furniture is white, except for a red sofa that is more eye-catching than other furniture.
In a clay sculpture, a fox was wet by the rain, so its fur was tightly adhered to its body, making it very small.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, on the left side of the Egyptian pyramid, a mechanical camel shed tears of engine oil because it saw the oasis in the mirage.
A furry koala is dozing off holding a Eucalyptus tree trunk. The corner of its mouth is slightly raised. The background is a fuzzy green forest and the warm children's picture book illustration style.
Please generate an animated picture: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, there is a tall camel on the left side of the picture, and a fox much shorter than it stands on the right side.
In the center of an abandoned interstellar city stands a huge statue. It is entirely composed of transparent ice crystals and contains a slowly rotating miniature star inside.
Generate picture: A white fox. The entire picture needs to present a soft, dreamy infrared photography artistic style.
In the movie stills, on the left side of the room, there is an antique ground-to-ground clock taller than adults. A hummingbird is rapidly flapping its wings in the clock to replace the brass pendulum.
An anthropomorphic cactus with two emerald snakes on its arms is smiling at each other, flattening the logo style.
Generated image: A crazy scientist like Einstein, who poses more exaggerated poses than a rock star to celebrate the success of the experiment, with cinematic drama tension.
A huge brown bear and a small white rabbit sat side by side. The brown bear seemed to be a hundred times larger than the white rabbit.
In a surrealist 3D rendering, a huge smooth celadon teapot is carefully lifting up a tiny sugar cube with its spout.
A anthropomorphic alarm clock is running anxiously, but it has no hands on its body and is followed by a group of anxious number symbols.
Three crystal clear crystal balls are suspended side by side in front of the starry sky background, reflecting different galaxy lights, a surrealist style.
An ancient anthropomorphic compass, whose hands are trembling with excitement and emitting a soft blue light because of the discovery of the lost Atlantis.
Create a sculpture: a brass sun whose surface appears dimmer because it absorbs the brilliance of the smaller silver moon next to it.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a geisha walks on the stone road in Gion, Kyoto. On her right is an ancient wooden house and on her head are blooming cherry blossoms.
In a futuristic fashion show, there is a huge screen at the end of the catwalk, but there are no real models on the catwalk because all costumes are displayed by holographic projection.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a Moai stone statue from Easter Island is on the left side of the screen, and a smart phone with a bright screen is placed on the right side.
Generating picture: Edison had just invented the electric light. Because the light was too dazzling, he put on sunglasses and fell asleep under the light.
The Terracotta Warriors of Qin Shi Huang are composed of Cyberpunk-style neon tubes and complex circuit boards, standing quietly in a digital matrix.
Photo generated: In front of a skyscraper, there is a hover car larger than an ordinary car. Its body is flashing with neon light, in a Cyberpunk style.
A fox made of fine ceramics is sleeping curled up on a moss rock floating in the air. There are exquisite blue cracks on the fox's body.
A designer is working in front of a workbench. There is an exquisite diamond-shaped architectural model in front of him, his eyes focused and serious.
IP character design, a pair of twin sisters with very different personalities, the older sister is lively and outgoing, and the younger sister is quiet and introverted, but their face shapes and hairstyles are exactly the same.
Generating picture: A huge blue snail is sprawled on the ground sadly because it finds that its shell is smaller than the mushroom house next to it, and transparent mucus continues to flow out from its body.
The afterglow of the sunset shines on the Eiffel Tower in Paris. The Seine River under the tower shines brightly, and several cruise ships pass slowly.
In the Ukiyo-e style, on the left side of the picture, Newton suddenly realized after being hit by an apple. Because of this discovery, the light bulb on the right side of his head was instantly lit up.
The launch page of a travel planning software is dominated by fresh mint green and has a simple white aircraft icon in the center of the screen.
Generated picture: Pixar animation style, a little squirrel is on the table, pushing a huge apple with its small claws, and there is a book on the bookshelf behind it.
Generating picture: A laughing cloud sees a sad city on the ground, and the city is also staring at it.
An eagle perched on pine branches on a cliff. Directly below it, there are several chicks in a bird nest with their mouths open, realistic movie footage.
Generate a movie stills: In a cozy children's room, a triangular anthropomorphic alarm clock is tiptoeing, trying to read a storybook on the bookshelf.
A huge library suspended in the sea of clouds. The building is made of translucent amber, and the cover of the book is a shining mother-of-pearl shell.
In the documentary photography style, an anthropomorphic soldier piece reaches the end on the chessboard in front of the Statue of Liberty, so its body becomes taller than the king piece behind it.
On a rainy night in a cyberpunk-style street, a huge smiling face on a holographic billboard is staring at the floating drone below, neon lights reflecting on the wet ground.
In the abandoned Gothic church, the sun shines through the huge rose windows, countless dust is floating quietly in the beam, and dead leaves are scattered on the mottled stone floor.
Weather application interface design, due to the forecast of a sudden drop in temperature, the temperature curve has become a three-dimensional ice slide, with a happy penguin sliding down from the top.
An anthropomorphic cactus, stretching out green arms, is carefully tying knots to a small red balloon.
Generating picture: A boy wearing a hat stands quietly in the center of the room. Behind him is a bookshelf with no books on it, only three toy blocks.
A man watered a withered plant with tears, so crystal clear flowers grew on the plant.
Generated image: A penguin sees Mona Lisa in the Louvre, but instead of indifferent, it tries to imitate the mysterious smile, in the Ukiyo-e style.
In the deserted street late at night, a street lamp flashed alone, and a red balloon was tied to it, swaying gently in the wind.
Photo generated: An astronaut wearing liquid metal armor roams through the rings of Saturn on a glowing whale made of nebula.
A Chinese-style pavilion carved from glowing crystals is next to a similarly shaped pine tree also made of crystals.
Generating picture: Above the ruins of a future city, a man is in the center of the picture, with a tall robot standing to his left.
Generated image: A firefighter had just walked out of the fire. Although he was tired with ashes all over his face, he was holding a rescued cat tightly in his arms and a reassuring smile appeared on his face.
A transparent glass contains ice cubes. Due to the low temperature, a layer of fine water droplets has condensed on its outer wall.
In the neon city of Cyberpunk, a bionic cat walks gracefully by, but there is no life in its eyes, only a cold blue data stream.
Generated image: A city made of biscuits, because it had just rained syrup, the building on the left looked wetter and brighter than the building on the right that was not rained.
A little girl was lost in the forest. The huge monster in front of her did not hurt her. Instead, she lowered her head and used the flowers on her head to illuminate the road ahead for her.
A mechanical garden made of brass gears and precision clockwork, with metal flowers shining and slowly blooming at midnight, illustrated in a steampunk style.
Generating picture: An engineer stands on the top of a pyramid, as ancient mysteries have been solved, and triangular wings made of pure light spread behind him that are more magnificent than the pyramid itself.
On the wide lawn, a little girl in a yellow raincoat is in the lower left corner of the picture, and a man is flying a kite in the upper right corner of the picture.
Design a set of flat-style weather app icons, with a huge whale representing heavy rain and a small hummingbird representing sunny days. All icons use a unified circular background.
A chubby orange cat was lying on the table, but it did not eat the dried fish next to it, but only yawned lazily.
A glowing mechanical jellyfish is floating in mid-air. Sensing the kindness of humans in front, the top of its tentacles lights up with a soft green light to show friendliness.
The children's room has a modern and minimalist interior design. In the center of the room, there are two little pandas playing with a ball on the wooden floor.
In the documentary photography style, two tabby cats with similar patterns are sitting side by side, one extending its paw and gently resting it on the other's back.
Future Paris, a cyberpunk city suspended in the sky, taller than the Eiffel Tower below, is full of neon lights and aircraft.
In a glass enclosure, there was a miniature city in the style of brass steampunk. Because the huge gear in the center stopped rotating, everything in the city was still, except for an airship floating in the air, casting a silent shadow.
Generate a picture: In the center of the picture, an old man is wearing a hat on the head of his grandson, behind them is the beach, in a black and white documentary photography style.
A ceramic humanoid teapot soldier with blue and white porcelain patterns on his body are exactly the same as the pattern on a woman's cheongsam in the background.
A man was holding a crystal ball in his hand because he had just shaken it, and the little puppet identical to him inside was surrounded by flying snowflakes.
Please take a surreal photographic photo: Above the ancient Roman Colosseum, a huge Mobius Ring made of liquid metal hangs.
A white-haired sculptor is inspecting his just-completed female statue, whose smooth curves and elegant posture satisfy him, a clay sculpture.
Generated picture: Pixar animation style, a huge Trojan horse parked in front of the city gate. Because the horse has a secret door in its belly, you can see that Greek soldiers are hidden inside.
A little squirrel found a huge pine cone and used all its strength to drag it back into its tree hole, Hayao Miyazaki animated style.
An anthropomorphic Saturn, using its rings as a record and an asteroid as a stylus, is playing a sad symphony deep in the universe.
A pair of similar twin sisters, the older sister smiling, and the younger sister sad, wearing the same dress.
In the Pixar animated movie style, a huge flying hamster made of transparent colored candies is curled up contentedly on the clouds and taking a nap.
Generating picture: A thermos cup is placed on the left side of the table. Due to its excellent thermal insulation, a pile of ice cubes next to the cup is melting, but the ice cream on the top of the cup is intact.
A woman made of nebula. She has no facial features and holds a glowing diamond heart in her hand.
In the Cyberpunk style, a furry corki spaniel grows neon mechanical wings. It wears flight goggles and flies excitedly in the night sky of a future city.
In a dimly lit room, a beam of golden sunlight shone through the window, so the dust floating in the air was clearly visible, and the spots fell on the dark wooden floor.
A seed falls into the soil. As it absorbs sunlight and rainwater, its roots grow upward, and a sun appears on the top, with a simple line logo.
A marine conservation-themed poster shows a diver in the foreground staring into the distance as a huge whale slowly swims above him.
Because of hearing the horn of charge, an ancient stone chess piece grew arms and legs and was charging forward waving a small flag, in a fantasy epic style.
The cinematic photo shows a woman stroking a brass deer sculpture with her left hand. There is also a similar deer sculpture on the table to her right.
Generate an animated scene: a fantasy forest of huge candies and biscuits, with a river of chocolate winding through it.
In the Art Deco style, a girl made of bright nebulae is quietly floating in the universe, with a stardust phantom similar to hers floating behind her.
An anthropomorphic astronaut cat drinks a cup of coffee in front of the window of the space station and looks down on the winding Great Wall of Earth.
Generating picture: A clumsy anthropomorphic stone figure is carefully holding an injured bird in his rough hand, looking worried.
In the red desert of Mars, a meandering ancient Great Wall is wrapped in a huge light-blue transparent energy shield.
A man is standing on the edge of a cliff. Behind him is the endless sea. In front of him are several flying seagulls. Photography, wide-angle lens.
Create a picture: In the ruins of a huge alien city, several spacecraft are floating quietly, and an explorer is jumping from one tilted building to another.
Please generate a science fiction movie stills: a huge pyramidal spacecraft hovering above a dilapidated city, but without thrusters at the bottom.
An honor guard was marching, and all the soldiers 'uniforms, rifles and marching steps were in uniform.
In a three-dimensional fairy tale scene made of clay, on the table in the foreground, a little girl is reaching for a candy jar above a shelf.
Generate a movie still: a white-gloved hand is about to press one of two side-by-side, identical red buttons.
An exquisite three-dimensional paper carving art depicts the magnificent Great Wall of China, but one section of the city wall has become a modern busy highway.
In the style of China ink painting, on the Great Wall, a panda much bigger than the koala next to it is chewing on bamboo. Both of them look very simple and honest.
A transparent glass hourglass hangs in the foreground of the picture, and the sand inside is floating upward and gathering into an abstract whirlpool nebula in the background.
Generated image: In an ancient library suspended in the sky, three future detectives are studying an ancient map because it is the only clue to finding the lost city. One person in front and two on both sides of the rear, in a surrealist movie stills style.
Design an advertising picture: In a luxurious bathroom, a drop of essence accidentally drops on a withered plant, so that the leaf becomes moist and shiny and regains life.
Generate a weather APP interface: Because of the heavy rain, the cloud icon at the top of the screen is crying, and many similar water drop icons below are neatly arranged in a row.
An abstract sculpture made of molten glass has a glowing surface, and a slender hand is carefully touching its cold surface.
A dark mode music player interface contains a small play button inside a huge circular album cover on the left.
In an abandoned factory, a huge spherical crystal hangs in the air. Instead of trying to grab it, a rusty robot stretches out its robotic arm and awkwardly tries to touch it.
There are huge coral-reef-like clouds floating in the sky, and the mountains on the earth below are also strikingly similar in shape to the clouds in the sky.
Please generate a poster: a huge strawberry and a small tomato placed side by side, with a stronger surface luster than a tomato.
Photo generated: On a city street, a huge snail building is slowly moving, its tentacles gently touching a similar-shaped spiral skyscraper next to it.
A huge globe made of countless old books is placed in a glass house, so although it is raining outside, there is not a drop of water on the globe.
In front of the Leaning Tower of Pisa in Italy, a panda mistakenly thought the tower was about to fall, so it was trying hard to push it straight with its front paws, with tourists behind it.
Generated image: In a huge glass greenhouse garden, there is an extremely tiny clay pot containing a tender bud in the center.
A personified Mr. Alarm Clock was not ringing, but covered his ears with his hands, with a painful expression, in a Disney animated style.
Cyberpunk style, a future warrior stands on the streets of neon lights in Paris, with the Eiffel Tower in front of him made of glowing blue circuits.
An ancient brass compass could only look helplessly at the treasure map next to it because the needle had been rusty and stuck, as if feeling sorry for it.
Three frightened clay figures huddled in a corner because their only exit was blocked by a huge spider, its eight eyes were watching them greedily.
In an Impression-style studio, a painter was too focused on paintings made of canvases and pigments and accidentally knocked over the water cup beside him, reflecting his surprised expression in the water.
Generating picture: A boy looks surprised. He is holding an open star-shaped crystal bottle with both hands, which contains a shining nebula.
Generate a poster: In the middle of the night above the city, a group of whales are floating quietly. They are all staring at the moon, and the skin of all the whales shows bright textures like the stars.
A huge island suspended above the sea of clouds. There are soft mushroom forests growing on the island. There are several asteroids floating in the sky in the distance, in a fantasy illustration style.
Generated image: A huge apple spliced with broken lenses, floating quietly over an abandoned city, surrealist style.
A retro radio, with a pair of hands sticking out of its speakers, is carefully turning its own FM knob.
A jellyfish carrying a miniature snowy mountain slowly floated in the deep sea. There were also a few small pine trees on the snowy mountain.
A steampunk style mechanical heart sculpture, composed of countless brass gears and glass pipes, is larger than an adult's fist, and a pocket watch of the same style is placed in the center of the sculpture.
Please generate a picture: A timid mushroom monster disguised itself as an ordinary mushroom and hid under a huge oak tree because it heard footsteps.
A winding path extends from the grassland in the foreground to the distance. There is a big tree near the roadside, and in the distance are rolling hills and white clouds.
Create a sculpture: a ballet dancer composed of countless butterflies. She has no specific facial features and is dancing under the stars.
In the flat illustration style, a woman has great strength after drinking a new drink. She easily lifts a dumbbell bigger than herself. The row of dumbbells of uniform size in the background also looks very small.
A smooth brass gear meshes with a rougher rusty iron gear to form a dynamic sculpture full of steampunk style.
A tiny footprint was found on the right side of the desk, so the orange cat detective on the left side of the desk was holding a magnifying glass in his front paws to observe carefully.
Generating a picture: An astronaut finds a glowing plant on a barren planet. Because the plant can purify the air, he takes off his helmet, reaches out and touches its leaves, in an Art Deco style.
Please design a flat-style data board. Because the core data is soaring abnormally, the largest chart module in the middle is highlighted, and the surrounding small modules are uniformly dimmed to distinguish them.
Generated image: In the classical oil painting style, a scholar dressed in ancient costumes is sitting under the apple tree on the left side of the picture. Because he saw an apple falling, he fell into thought, and the apple fell next to him.
Please create a surrealist photography style picture: a huge white fox with nine tails transformed into a galaxy of stars, circling a broken planet suspended in the sky.
Please draw: A huge toothed clock suspended in the air. It has no hands and its face is shining with stars, presenting the texture of a Pixar animated film.
Please design a guidance page for a task management APP with a cartoon-style character standing in front of several floating to-do cards with a fuzzy calendar grid in the background.
In the Japanese animation style, in the classroom at dusk, a boy in a school uniform suddenly stood up from his seat. He clenched his fists and looked out the window firmly.
Generated image: A fox with metal wings is flying over a floating alien city, in a realistic cinematic style.
Animation scene: A squirrel wearing a beret is holding a paintbrush in its small claws and drawing a Mona Lisa bigger than itself on the canvas.
In the vast desert, there stands a huge sandcastle. A tiny figure is standing on top of the sandcastle, the light of the golden moment.
A dilapidated wooden box was placed tilted in the corner. Because a hole was broken in the box, the crystal marbles inside were rolling out and scattered in front of the wooden box.
A crystal clear crystal ball wraps a miniature Cyberpunk city, with neon lights flashing, and the overall surrealist style.
On an old wooden table, there is a retro typewriter and a cup of steaming coffee quietly, presenting a warm nostalgic movie style.
In the movie stills, a man in a formal dress stands on the left side of the picture, and on his right stands a beautiful bride in a wedding dress.
Photo generated: An island-like turtle, its turtle shell made of snow-covered Mount Fuji, is swimming slowly in the ocean.
Please create a bronze statue of a woman in the Art Deco style, wearing a smooth dress with geometric lines, stretching upwards gracefully.
A robot made of many old books is stacked. Its head is an old TV set, and black and white snowflakes are playing on the screen.
In the autumn forest, a furry squirrel is holding a plump acorn, preparing for winter, warm colors, macro photography style.
In Cyberpunk style, a huge mechanical pangolin huddles above the ruins of a building, its back armor being hotter than the flames burning around it due to system overload.
A surrealist oil painting shows a man standing at the bottom of a huge spiral staircase, looking up at a glowing sphere at the top of the staircase.
A young boy wearing a futuristic silver jacket was patiently teaching his grandma wearing a simple Chinese cotton-padded jacket to use a holographic tablet. Both of them were smiling.
A steampunk robot made of gears is dancing awkwardly, and next to it is a similar robot imitating its movements.
A white-haired old magician with a serious expression, but a colorful happy bird singing perched on the top of his staff. Pixar animated movie footage.
In the game's character selection interface, an anthropomorphic mushroom knight stands in the center of the screen. On his left are various swords and shields, and on his right is his skill tree.
Because of a heavy rain, neon lights were reflected in the water on the city's streets. The reflection of a trendy glass building was clearer and brighter than the reflection of an old brick building next to it. All buildings were shrouded in a unified Cyberpunk purple halo.
On the left side of the picture, a man stretched out his hand and pointed into the distance. On his right, a little girl looked curiously in the direction he pointed. The background was the vast grassland.
A huge medieval castle sits on a misty mountain top. It is surrounded by a group of flying griffins, presenting an epic fantasy illustration style.
In the animated film, inside a huge ancient clock suspended above the sea of clouds, a brass robot is standing on tiptoes and trying hard to oil the pendulum.
Generated picture: On the left side of the screen, a collie that has just rolled in the mud is much larger than the clean Siamese cat on the right. It is frustrated because it has stained itself, but the kitten approaches curiously, in a realistic movie style.
Please draw a crystal clear chess piece. Its shape resembles a snow-capped mountain peak, and the overall appearance presents a dreamy style.
A giant heart made up of countless used gears and pipes is beating, so colorful steam is gushing out of the connected pipes, in a Cyberpunk style.
In a flat illustration style, the chef on the left side of the picture and the waiter on the right side of the picture are running forward. The red stripes on their clothes are consistent with the color of the red peppers hanging on the wall behind them.
A soldier dressed in a futuristic battle suit uses his mind to control a drone in the distance. Behind him, a huge alien beetle is slowly crawling. Screenshot of a science fiction movie.
In the snowy forest, a fox was hiding behind a tree and was gazing intently at a hare in the snow not far away.
A teddy bear in an exquisite suit stood quietly in the center of the empty and gorgeous ballroom, gazing at his reflection on the bright floor.
On the grassland, the thin shepherd girl seemed more determined than the huge flock of sheep in front of her. A disobedient sheep was running in the opposite direction.
Generate a costume design draft: Two models are standing on the runway statically. The model on the left is wearing a Cyberpunk jacket, which is more eye-catching than the jacket on the right.
An astronaut wearing a chef's hat stands on the left side of the picture. He is unable to use the frying pan due to weightlessness, so he is using a net bag to capture the floating ingredients on the right side.
Please create a three-dimensional work of art, two similar anthropomorphic terracotta warriors, in steampunk style, one of which contains a smaller terracotta warrior in its body.
Two cats with similar colors, one is significantly fatter than the other, because they both lie on the same sofa contentedly after eating the dried fish.
Portrait photography shows a woman in a long red dress dancing among the bookshelves of an ancient library, her face filled with a happy smile, and the sun shines on her through the window.
Generating picture: A huge anthropomorphic teapot saw the small teacup in front of it, but instead of pouring water, it took a step back in fear.
A bronze sculpture imitating the Vitruvian people has a more painful expression than the original as it attempts to break free from the geometric figures behind it.
Please draw: On the winding Great Wall, a huge ceramic teapot is dumping out of a waterfall. The teapot is larger than the beacon tower next to it.
On the table, next to the brand new red diary is a thicker old photo album. The cover of the photo album is not blue, but has turned yellow with the passage of time.
A huge bronze bell tower, taller than the Statue of Liberty, with a clockwork clown climbing awkwardly on its surface, in the Ukiyo-e style.
In cartoon style, there is a lonely little black cloud in the sky crying sadly, so on the ground directly below it, a small flower is blooming brightly because it has been nourished.
A little bear was lying on a stone by the river. Because it was too sleepy, it did not notice the small fish slipping away behind it.
An astronaut took off his helmet, which was filled with colorful nebulae, but instead of pouring it out, he stirred it gently with his hands.
An astronaut was forced to land on an alien planet due to a spacecraft failure. He sat down on the ground in despair, only to find a glowing blue flower that had never been seen on earth blooming at his feet, in a surrealist oil painting style.
A woman stood to the left of a huge key, holding it with both hands, with the top of the key in the shape of a brain.
Generated picture: A little fox in the foreground has a horrified expression. It is looking up at the brown bear behind it, which is much taller than it. The realistic style of the movie.
A man with a surprised expression was reaching out to touch a shimmering crystal tree growing out of his chest.
A greedy squirrel, because it ate the stars in the sky, its tail became shiny like a light bulb, illuminating the entire tree hole.
A penthouse study overlooking the Bund of Shanghai has three huge floor-to-ceiling windows. A gramophone is slowly rotating next to the window, and several books are scattered next to it.
A concise food safety poster with a crying anthropomorphic burger on the left and a smiling anthropomorphic apple on the right, with a fresh style.
Generating picture: A glass vase was broken, but the water flowing out did not disperse, but instead gathered to maintain the original shape of the vase and hold the flowers inside.
Generate pictures: Please create a city in the sky floating on huge clouds, with waterfalls formed by starlight pouring down on the edge of the city.
Photo generated: Because of a heavy rain last night, the city park was empty, except for a brand new red umbrella forgotten on the wet old wooden bench.
In the watercolor painting style, a rabbit wearing suspenders is practicing playing the violin. Its expression is very focused and intoxicated.
A bronze treasure chest sculpture. Although it was firmly locked, a vine grew out of the keyhole and opened the lid of the box.
A forest made of huge colorful mushrooms, glowing spores floating in the air like stars, and the ground is covered with soft fluorescent moss.
Generating picture: Isaac Newton was sitting under an apple tree. As he saw the apple fall, a gravitational formula composed of light appeared above his head, and his notebook was on the left.
In the foreground, there is a lion standing on a towering rock, overlooking a group of zebras on the Zhongjing Grassland. In the far perspective, there are sparse acacia trees and the sunset.
In the Japanese comics style, the girl on the left did not look at the man who was much taller than her because she was looking down at a kitten under her feet and a smile appeared on her face.
Surrealist photography, a crystal palace floating in a sea of clouds, with no guards inside, only a group of white deer walking leisurely.
In the body of a huge translucent jellyfish-like organism, an astronaut hangs quietly. Through the membrane of the organism, he can see the distant, brightly lit future city below. The overall feeling is a science fiction movie.
A teapot with cat ears and a coffee pot with cat ears, sitting side by side on the sofa, their movements are almost identical.
Physicist Newton reached out his palm at an apple, and the apple that should have fallen miraculously floated in mid-air.
A huge mountain made up of countless abandoned clocks stands quietly, and the hands of one of the pocket watches are spinning rapidly counterclockwise.
Generating picture: A crystal figure made of triangular prisms sits cross-legged and meditates. A cube is suspended on the left of his spherical head and a rotating metal ring on the right.
In the cyberpunk game design, the transformed person on the right side of the screen has exhausted his energy, and the mechanical blade on his left arm has not unfolded. Instead, it is like an irregular shield blocking his chest.
Generating image: Please draw a father and son who look very similar. They are wearing the same spacesuits and are standing side by side, looking out at the red desert of Mars in the distance.
Generating picture: A girl made of blue crystals, her body began to become transparent and exude a soft light due to touching the warm sunshine, and her face showed a happy and satisfied expression.
An ancient phonograph is half-buried in the sand dunes next to the Pyramid of Giza, its trumpet facing the sky, in a surrealist oil painting style.
In a silent universe, a diamond mountain range larger than the moon hangs quietly. There are no planets around it, only a few broken gems slowly orbiting it.
Generated image: A wooden robot is sad because its arm is broken, and another metal robot next to it is stretching out three fingers and gently stroking its head.
A crystal clear glass bottle floats in the galaxy. The bottle contains a glowing blue jellyfish. The picture adopts the central composition.
On a branch in the foreground, a penguin is looking up at the North Star in the night sky. Although it knows it will never get there, its eyes are still full of longing.
In the documentary photography style, next to a huge Alaskan sled dog, there is a smaller Shiba Inu standing, which looks very petite.
Generating picture: A classical grand piano is abandoned deep in the forest. A squirrel is running across the black and white keys of the piano. Behind the piano are dense trees.
A young summoner wearing a cloak. In the magic array in front of him, a phoenix was spreading its wings and preparing to soar into the sky.
Because of hearing the gunshots, a white wolf not only did not escape, but instead stopped and looked back at the depths of the snow forest, in the style of a movie still.
A concept dress inspired by the solar system. The black dress is dotted with shattered diamond stars, and several miniature planet models are floating and circling in front of the skirt.
A music festival promotional poster shows four foxes wearing sunglasses in the center of the picture, forming a rock band with neon lights in the background.
In the retro science fiction style, a corki dog wearing a spacesuit wags its tail excitedly because it smelled the strange fragrance of alien plants. Next to it was another corki looking similar.
Generated image: An anthropomorphic rabbit wearing a vest has a carrot in front of it, but it does not eat it. Instead, it pricks up its ears nervously and looks warily at the shadows behind the trees in the distance.
A huge whale carries a bustling city on its back, swimming in the stars, a steampunk style environmentally themed poster.
A man was standing in front of a bookshelf, behind him was a huge French window, and outside the window was the dusk city. He reached out to grab a book on the bookshelf.
A huge turtle slowly crawls. On its shell is a complete miniature ecosystem, with dense forests and a winding river.
In children's illustration style, a lion with a golden mane lies gently on the grass, and the little sheep beside it is not afraid.
In a clay sculpture, two similar-looking boys stood front and back. The boy in front of him had a skin like cracked rock, but there was no shadow under his feet.
A curious squirrel found a shining human coin on the moss ground in the forest foreground. It abandoned the pine cone next to it and was trying to push the coin into the tree hole behind it.
The astronaut stood on the moon with the earth behind him, but he did not look at the earth, but was surprised to see the glowing stone under his feet.
Generating picture: A little bear couldn't reach the honey in the beehive, so it moved a big stone and placed it under its feet, stood on tiptoes and tried to extend its arms.
Please draw: A black anthropomorphic chess king slumps in despair in front of the board because he is about to be checkmated.
Generated image: In the red desert of Mars, an anthropomorphic terracotta warrior drives a futuristic rover, gazing alone at the distant Earth.
A model wore a futuristic long dress that looked particularly dazzling on the dark runway due to the use of luminescent materials, showing a Cyberpunk style.
Please design an indoor art installation with many paper cranes hanging in the center of the room, an old chair on the left wall, and a floor lamp on the right side.
In the early morning of a seaside town, all the parasols and lounge chairs on the beach face the direction of the sea, presenting a uniform scene.
In a forest made of giant red mushrooms, luminescent spores float slowly in the air, and a green river meanders through it.
A chef was in the kitchen. Because he was too tired, he decided to sit down and rest first. The table in front of him was empty, and the sink behind him was piled with dishes taller than him.
An astronaut is suspended in space, pushing forward with both hands, and all the planets in front of her retreat synchronously to form a straight line.
In Hayao Miyazaki style, a fat panda in an apron holds a kettle with its furry paws and waters a row of small mushrooms that form a corner of the garden.
A rabbit equipped with a heavy rocket launcher was too timid. Instead, it was scared by a hamster holding a carrot dagger and hid behind a stone shivering.
Photo generated: In the desert in front of the Egyptian pyramids, a huge triangular glass greenhouse is filled with cactus. Because of the protection of the greenhouse, they can thrive in the desert.
A huge whale made up of countless blue butterflies is emitting a warm orange light on its right side because it swallowed the sunset glow in the sky on the left.
A penguin from the Antarctic is lying comfortably in the huge shadow cast by the Egyptian pyramid in order to escape the scorching heat of the desert. A camel looks at it in the distance in confusion under the scorching sun.
In the luxurious Baroque-style study room, a snow-white Persian cat is lazily lying on a dark red velvet sofa, and the sun shines on it through the carved panes.
In a forest made of crystals, trees reflect strange light, and a river of lava made of starlight flows on the ground.
A miniature Eiffel Tower carved from crystal. In front of it, an astronaut is making the independent movement of a golden rooster. The whole is an exquisite three-dimensional art installation.
Huge crystal chess pieces were scattered in the middle of the desert. Above them, a purple moon was hanging quietly.
On a bench in the park, an old man was handing two pieces of bread in his hand to the pigeons in front of him. There was a small forest behind him.
Steampunk style, a lonely brass clockwork heart that grows hands and feet because it craves companionship and is clumsily assembling a gear-like man.
Generating picture: A fox spotted rabbit footprints in the snow, but instead of chasing them immediately, he looked up and looked around warily because he knew it might be a trap.
A male painter threw his brush on the ground in frustration because he could not draw a satisfactory work. The shadow of the brush fell on the upper left corner of the blank canvas, forming a question mark shape.
A crystal ball is wrapped in an exquisite model of the city. On the tallest building in the city, there is a little man pointing at the sky.
The wreckage of a huge abandoned starship floated quietly in the deep universe, surrounded by broken meteorite belts, with a strong wasteland science fiction style.
A man was opening an exquisite music box. The mirror of the music box reflected the smiling face of a woman behind him, a warm indoor scene.
Generating picture: depicts two wizards standing together, one of whom is a white-haired old man, and the other is much younger than him, like a teenager.
A miniature size red panda carefully climbs on a huge ice cream cone with a clean background.
A knight in heavy armor stood on the edge of a cliff. Behind him was a towering castle. There was a red dragon circling in the distant sky.
Generating picture: An exquisite white porcelain vase fell from a height and shattered on the wooden floor. Water and rose petals in the vase were scattered all over the ground.
A chubby panda wearing a silk kung fu shirt is clumsily imitating the Drunken Fist moves in the movie.
A smooth ceramic teapot crouched on a wooden table like a cat, holding a piece of tea with its spout, and a teacup next to it, in a watercolor painting style.
In the abandoned underground temple, due to the failure of the central magic core, the rune stone statues arranged symmetrically on both sides stopped shining. Only one stone statue at the entrance was still shining with a weak and similar light.
In the foreground are three anthropomorphic red tomatoes wearing chef's hats and behind them stands a green broccoli with glasses, all on a wooden chopping board.
A man was soaked through from a long time in the rain, so he was using a piece of bread to wipe away the water droplets from his hair.
A game prop in a glass eco-bottle contains a glowing deer drinking water, and a unicorn is climbing the crystal next to it.
An octopus-inspired dress has several three-dimensional tentacles stretching out from the waist to form a skirt, one of which is elegantly wrapped around the model's right arm.
A science fiction movie promotional poster shows an astronaut floating in the foreground of the picture, behind him is a huge circular space station, and further away is the deep starry sky.
Generating picture: In the city, a taller modern high-rise building on the left is bathing in the sun, and a shorter classical building on the right looks very dim because it is shrouded in shadows.
Generate a picture: Please draw a portrait of Albert Einstein pondering in front of a blackboard with the mass-energy equation written on the blackboard, and the picture is steampunk style.
A play button icon, a triangle on the right and a ring on the left, the two partially overlap, gradient style.
In macro photography, the elyons of two beetles twinkle with the same luster as the dew next to them, and there are no plant leaves in the picture.
In the Ghibli animation style, in an attic piled with debris, a little girl is tiptoeing to take down a book from the bookshelf in front of her. Behind her is a bright circular window.
Generating picture: A hairy anthropomorphic cactus and a hairy stone are combing each other's thorns and fluff in the sun.
The skin care product advertising picture shows the same woman's face compared from left to right. The left face is dry and dark, the right face is moist and shiny, and the background is simple, highlighting the difference in effects.
A librarian gently blew away the dust from the pages of the book. Unexpectedly, the dust gathered into a flock of dust rabbits and scattered in panic on his desk.
A forest of giant crystals with marshmallow clouds floating above the crystal trees, its shadow casting on the jelly river below.
In the dark cave, several huge rocks covered with moss are surrounded by a floating luminous crystal. The light of the crystal is constantly changing the color of the moss on the huge rock, in a realistic movie style.
In a futuristic cafe, an anthropomorphic window bar chair looks more lonely than an ordinary chair in the corner, looking sadly out the window at the rain.
Create a picture: two lonely dead trees standing quietly on the water bank at dawn, using a high-profile minimalist photography style.
On the crowded subway, a burly man clumsily tied the shoelaces of his petite daughter in his arms. The man's expression was focused and gentle, while the daughter curiously touched his arm, which was bigger than his head.
Candy rained in the sky, and colorful lollipops grew on the grass on the ground, in Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
Generating picture: Design a courtyard. The glass fountain in the center is more modern than the surrounding natural stone benches, but because the water is silent, it does not break the Zen atmosphere of the courtyard.
In the perfume advertising screen, an elegant lady hangs three diamonds in front of her. She reaches out her hand, seemingly directing the diamonds to rotate.
In the retro illustration style, an orange fox stands on an open huge book. It has a tail made of glass, but there is no trace of it on the ground.
A huge stone statue guard was bending down. It stretched out its large hand made of rock and tried to lift the fallen sapling in front of it.
Generating picture: A chef is frustrated by burning the cake, but on the round plate in front of him, the charred part of the cake forms a smiling face, darker than the egg next to it, in a flat illustration style.
In front of the Leaning Tower of Pisa, an astronaut stood without a helmet and holding a pyramid shaped glass trophy in his hand.
In realistic style, three anthropomorphic pawn pieces surrounded the king's pawn pieces, but because of the size of the other party, they actually showed expressions of fear.
Backstage in the abandoned theater, a robotic arm is touching a gramophone with butterfly wings with fingertips. There is also a similar gramophone next to it, in a realistic cinematic style.
The logo of an elephant, because it wants to lift water drops heavier than itself, its nose is curled into a perfect circle, with a minimalist vector style.
Generating picture: On the grass full of flowers, five kittens form a circle. They all stare curiously at a butterfly in the center of the circle, in a flat illustration style.
There is a candy castle floating in the clouds. The rainbow bridge connects the towers, but there is no figure in the castle. The overall style is bright cartoon animation.
The Surrealist painting shows a huge man in a formal dress standing on a checkerboard floor, holding a miniature city in his hand and a distorted clock behind him.
A creature made up of many old books with a curious expression on its face stood in front of a wooden desk with a much smaller companion next to it.
In the interface of a task management application, because all four tasks have been completed, the task icons turn gray, and only one celebration icon is brighter than them, with a flat design style.
Generating pictures: Create a surrealist sculpture. In the center of the picture is a huge plaster figure. On his left side is not an eye but an open door, and on his right side is a small human being.
Generated picture: Above the clouds, a huge building block castle is being carefully hoisted by a smaller crane, ready to be placed on the nearby floating island.
Generating picture: A curious little fox is looking up at a huge, crescent-shaped cloud in the sky.
Generating picture: An astronaut is standing on the left side of the picture. Due to weightlessness, his tears do not fall, but instead turn into many transparent water droplets floating in front of him.
In the evening on the Seine River in Paris, the majestic Eiffel Tower stands on the left, and on the right is a modern art light sculpture similar in shape to the tower.
A bronze statue of a monkey scratching its head in distress because it could not solve the Rubik's Cube in front of it sat on a wooden pedestal.
In the laboratory of the future, five cloned Albert Einsteins are discussing fiercely in front of a transparent holographic blackboard.
Please generate a realistic movie picture: In an abandoned factory, two similar-looking rusty robots are sitting side by side against a wall. One robot reaches out its robotic hand and gently brushes the dust off the shoulder of the other robot.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit jumped briskly on the surface of the moon, with the vast starry sky in the background and the overall style of ukiyo-e.
On the windowsill of an abandoned factory, a bony black cat was licking its paws and looking indifferently at a plump orange cat below gorging on cat food.
The poster design shows two similar transparent glass cubes floating in the air and surrounding each other, each cube containing a starry sky.
A huge transparent bubble envelopes a city with orange corals, suspended in the dark blue starry sky.
Generated image: A Memphis-style e-commerce advertisement. On the left side of the screen, an astronaut floats due to weightlessness, so he looks lighter than an ordinary office chair on the right.
Generated picture: On the left is a little boy, and on the right is a knight much taller than him. He is sitting on the ground crying because he lost the game.
A mechanical phoenix, its wings are not composed of flames, but of precision golden gears, with a flat icon design.
In a miniature world inside a huge transparent conch shell, on the left is a strange coral-shaped forest, and a glowing hummingbird is hovering among the flowers on the right, presenting a dreamy illustration style.
Archimedes jumped into the bathtub because the water was overflowing. He suddenly had an epiphany and excitedly pointed to the ceiling. The floor in front of the bathtub was full of water.
On the catwalk of a retro futuristic fashion show, one model's costume was more gorgeous than another, and she was gracefully turning around to show the audience the details of the costume.
Please generate a picture: a future city suspended in the air. Due to the overload of the energy core, the anti-gravity engine at the bottom of the city is shooting dangerous arcs. The overall style is Cyberpunk art.
A giant octopus carved from red coral has its tentacles integrated with the surrounding reef, also made of red coral.
Above the picture, a blue kingfisher sits quietly on a branch, its feathers shining with a metallic luster. Below it is a similar kingfisher, in the style of China meticulous brushwork.
Generated image: A woman in a classic dress stands at the window. The letter in her hand is slightly yellowed and seems to be filled with stories.
A crystal sculpture shows a man curled up and sleeping, with the outline of his entire body similar to the shape of a huge water drop.
A little fox finds a mirror in the forest and growls angrily at its reflection because it has never seen it before.
In the surrealist style, there are three smooth stone balls floating in the space, and in the distance are two similar brass cubes. The one on the right is obviously larger than the one on the left.
In Cyberpunk style, in Times Square in New York at night, a mechanically modified capuchin monkey draws a galaxy pattern in the air with his fingers that resembles a DNA double helix structure.
A surrealist oil painting shows a polar bear standing in the middle of the desert. Due to the hot weather, the sand under its feet melted into glass, reflecting its figure.
In front of the canvas, a female painter was upset that she had knocked over the paint. She held her right hand, which was also covered with blue paint, and there was a pool of blue stains on the floor in front of her.
Please draw a Memphis design-style scene: Because of a pot of vibrant green plants placed in the corner, this monotonous gray room is not balanced, but appears more harmonious and artistic.
Generated picture: On the left side of the screen, an anthropomorphic fox wearing a vest is chasing its own tail; on the right side of the screen, an anthropomorphic wolf wearing a hat is also chasing its own tail.
Late at night in the study room, two thick stacks of old books on the table are taller than a laptop next to them, making them feel like a movie.
A transparent glass cube was suspended in the air. Due to a burning flame wrapped inside, one corner of it had melted and deformed. Below the cube was a dark metal base.
Generating picture: An astronaut looks horrified when he sees himself exactly the same in front of him, behind him is a huge life-saving capsule made of a translucent energy mask.
A princess wearing a gorgeous silk robe, her hair like burning flames, stood next to a stone puppet guard much taller than her.
A bronze statue of a general standing majestically with a long sword in his hand, the blade carved with intricate dragon patterns.
On the beach after the storm, there was no garbage on the beach, only shells bigger than the palm of your hand were scattered scattered.
Generating pictures: In the movie stills style, a modern astronaut and an ancient Roman gladiator face each other with their own weapons, but the astronaut's expression is more calm than the gladiator's fierceness.
A man made of liquid starlight is floating in front of him with a cube-shaped black hole slowly sucked into it.
A continuous mountain range with undulating contours resembling a sound wave being played, with a minimalist line logo design.
Please draw a picture: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, an astronaut did not take off his helmet. He reached out to touch a floating blue light ball in front of him, the overall Cyberpunk style.
In front of a huge old-fashioned clock, a little boy in overalls was standing on his toes and stretching his arms to reach the pendulum. There was a toolbox on the ground on the right side of the clock.
In Cyberpunk style, a mechanical astronaut stands to the left of the Mona Lisa, but there is no expression on its mechanical face.
Among the three classic-style marble statues, one god pointed out his index finger to the sky, and the other two looked up in the direction he pointed.
Generating picture: In a cozy study room, a wooden desk is placed directly in front of the window. On the left side of the desk is a ceiling bookshelf, and on the right side is a guitar in the corner.
Although a witch was frozen in mid-air by magic, the molten gold tears on her cheeks were still dripping and forming a pool below her.
A man was floating in mid-air, with a huge chessboard below him and a glowing door in front of him.
Create a painting: a butterfly made of transparent glass, resting on a metallic flower, giving the overall steampunk style.
Due to the leak of future technology, the outer shell of the ancient Egyptian pyramid has become transparent, and its interior reveals a steampunk world composed of precision gears, glowing with brass color.
There is a glowing fantasy mushroom forest in the foreground, a winding creek flows through in the middle, and a magnificent castle floating in the clouds in the distance.
On the left side of the picture, a river twists and turns; the path on the right side also bends, as if it is the reflection of the river on the land, so the outlines of the two are very similar.
A diver is sitting on a sofa on the sea floor. To his right is a glowing jellyfish desk lamp. He is reaching out to touch the top of the desk lamp.
A group of penguins wearing the same red scarves huddled under a small beach umbrella in confusion because the weather suddenly became hot.
A giant mechanical owl hovers above the city, floating all metal objects on the street below because its flapping wings generate static electricity.
A crystal city suspended in the sea of clouds, with rainbow-colored rivers flowing in the city, presenting a cyberpunk style as a whole.
On the Great Wall, on the left, a man wears a yellow jacket, and on the right, a golden retriever jumps to catch a frisbee. It wears a similarly colored collar.
A white-haired old lady and her little granddaughter stood side by side, their side profiles and gentle smiles were almost identical.
Generated picture: Half of a desert is covered with snow due to an abnormal snowstorm, and the other half is still golden sand dunes. The junction between the two landforms is clearly visible, documentary photography style.
A crystal city is suspended above the nebula. Because it absorbs the energy of the nebula, the entire city exudes a soft purple light, and there is a broken planet to its left. Surrealist style.
A Baroque marble statue of the king. Although his throne is shattered, he still maintains a majestic sitting posture with firm eyes.
A sculptor accidentally dropped his metal chisel, which hit the wooden floor in front of him, leaving a deep dent because of the impact.
Generating picture: An exquisite pocket watch fell from a height. Its glass surface had shattered, so its hands stayed at the three o'clock position forever.
Generating painting: A penguin from the Antarctic finds a refrigerator in the Sahara Desert. Due to the hot weather, it is anxiously flapping its wings against the refrigerator door.
Please draw a picture: Egyptian pyramids are floating above the bright galaxy, and a lonely boat is floating in the galaxy in the foreground, showing the overall Van Gogh style.
A logo depicts the Great Wall made of stacked books in a dark blue minimalist line style.
In an anthropomorphic pencil case, a brother pencil and a brother pen stand side by side. They are similar in height and thickness, but the colors of the caps are completely different.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit stood on barren Mars. He did not look at the distant stars, but looked down at a green seedling in his hand.
A girl in a classical dress was sitting in a huge bubble. In front of her were rows of glowing coral bookshelves. Outside the bubble, several colorful fish swam past.
A huge orange cat is staring curiously at the little goldfish in the glass fish tank, because through the glass, it looks more confused than the goldfish in the fish tank.
Generating picture: A photo of three puppies, one in a basket in the middle of the grass, and the other two next to the basket, all wearing red collars.
The two detectives stood in an old study room. There was no computer on the table, only a hexagonal desk lamp that gave off a yellow light, with a retro movie feel.
A pink capybara was under the Eiffel Tower. Due to its fear of heights, it did not look up. Instead, it stretched out its claws and nervously drew circles on the ground.
Generating picture: A three-dimensional model on a bookshelf depicts a forest hut with white smoke made of cotton rising from its chimney.
Generating picture: Because he has just finished a marathon, an exhausted athlete is sitting at the finish line gulping down water, water drops sliding from his chin, in the Ukiyo-e style.
Generating an animated scene: A huge robot stands in front of the Leaning Tower of Pisa, trying to push it straight, and is reaching out its huge metal fingers to carefully touch the tower. There are tiny tourists below the tower.
Under the warm light, one hand is placing the last old photo in the center of a circular pattern of many photos on the table.
Generating a photo: A small desert jerboa discovered a huge rattlesnake. Instead of running away, it came forward curiously and sniffed the snake's cold scales.
Generating picture: A movie promotional poster with a male detective with his back facing the camera on the left side, a woman with a panicked face on the right side, and a key is placed on the table between the two.
A forest city made of huge glowing mushrooms. Under the mushroom umbrellas are scattered houses, and crystal waterfalls pour down from the top of the highest mushrooms.
Generated image: On the bridge of an abandoned space station, a shattered model of the planet is floating on the central holographic projection platform, and a strange purple nebula is outside the port window on the left.
In the advertising poster, a chameleon is sticking out its tongue on the left side of the picture. Because it ate the rainbow candy on the right side, colorful rainbow stripes appear on its skin.
An Art Deco exhibition poster shows a huge blue and white porcelain teapot floating next to the Eiffel Tower, with its spout pouring out a river of stars flowing on the streets of Paris.
Generating picture: Two mountain peaks made of books began to melt because they could not bear the weight of knowledge, and a shining river of ink flowed out.
In the foreground is a painter wearing a beret, facing the easel. Behind him, the majestic Eiffel Tower stands across the Seine River.
A detective stared at the brass bullet casing on the table and, seeing his own cold reflection in the smooth shell, concluded that the murderer was equally cold.
A peace-looking boy sits on an ancient pendulum floating in the clouds. Below him is the rolling silhouette of the city, and the sky is dotted with glowing gears.
On the streets of Paris after the rain, the ancient stone roads are wet and reflected in the light, and the Eiffel Tower is looming in the mist in the distance.
On the beach, a sandcastle that a child had just built was washed away by the surging waves because it was too close to the sea. He stretched out his small hand and touched the remaining sand pile sadly.
In a bronze sculpture, a soldier fell asleep because he was too tired, and the rifle he gripped slipped at his feet.
An astronaut discovered a lonely wooden door on the surface of the moon. Curious, he pushed open the door. Behind the door was not space, but a lush forest.
In the Ukiyo-e style, the fox in the center of the picture actually emits a faint fluorescent light because it stole the offerings on the altar. It is looking back warily.
Please generate a picture: A crystal forest. Although it is late at night, the moonlight is magnified after passing through the crystal trees, making the entire forest as bright as day.
A man with transparent dragonfly wings on his back did not fly, but crawled like a gecko on the umbrella cover of a giant glowing mushroom.
A detective discovered a key clue at the crime scene, so he carefully used tweezers to pick up the shell casings on the ground.
Generating picture: In a city made entirely of blue jelly, a jelly man is reaching out his trembling jelly hand and trying to touch a street lamp that is also blue jelly.
A glass fell off the table, but it did not break, but bounced off the ground intact.
Generating picture: Please create a picture of a knight in silver armor extending his left arm and an eagle landing on his arm.
In Pixar animation style, a bear found a huge beehive, but because it was empty, the bear's face showed a disappointed expression.
Photo generated: In an abandoned playground, an alien glowing plant breaks out of the ground, its light makes the rusty swing stand seem mysterious.
In the modern minimalist living room, because the owner wanted more light, three huge floor-to-ceiling windows were installed, and the sun filled the entire room.
In the magnificent Baroque palace hall, two peacocks are unfolding their tails, but they look a little listless because no one is appreciating them.
Generating picture: In a cluttered warehouse, an explorer immediately jumped out of his squatting position and made a defensive posture when he saw a strange spiral mark on the wall.
One logo design shows three monkeys sitting side by side, all covering their eyes with their claws, and the overall outline is outlined with a unified golden line.
A chameleon is lying on a disrupted Rubik's Cube. In order to perfectly camouflage, its skin has also turned into the same colorful grid pattern as the Rubik's Cube.
In the evening in Paris, under the dark blue sky, the golden Eiffel Tower shines brightly, and all the street lights on the Seine River shine with a uniform warm yellow light.
Please design a music player interface. Since the current song is a popular recommendation, its cover card is suspended in front of other cards and has a larger size. The overall glass mimicry style.
Generate a picture: a cinematic picture. In the empty living room, there is a coffee table in front of the sofa, but there is nothing on the coffee table, and the window is behind the sofa.
Generated image: Leonardo da Vinci is standing to the left of the Mona Lisa, but he is not drawing, but taking a selfie with his mobile phone, with Mars in the background.
A white mouse was placed in a transparent petri dish. It mutated when it touched the blue liquid on the left side, and a pair of insect-like wings grew on the back of its body.
Cyberpunk style, a huge energy shield covers the city. In the city, there are floating lanes on the left and skyscrapers on the right, and all buildings are flashing with uniform purple neon lights.
Albert Einstein was riding a beam of light, surfing the rings of Saturn, leaving a rainbow-like trajectory behind him.
Two monkey knights wearing similar armor were playing chess. One of them angrily prepared to overturn the chessboard because he was about to lose.
Photo generated: Under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, a little girl wearing a magician's robe is performing magic to make pigeons on the roadside line up to dance in a Pixar animation style.
A lonely astronaut sits in a cramped escape capsule, gazing at the blue earth in the distance through a scratched round porthole.
A clay model of Babylon's Hanging Garden, the plants are not green but made of glowing gems, and there is a similar floating mountain next to it.
Generate a painting: an old-fashioned anthropomorphic clock transformed into a detective because it lost its minute hand, using a magnifying glass to carefully examine ground clues, Pixar animated style.
In a surrealist style, in a forest made of giant mushrooms, there is no grass on the ground, and a gentleman in a top hat is reaching out his finger to touch the glowing mushroom spores.
Draw a picture: a crystal palace suspended in the universe, surrounded by a river of nebulae, dotted with several planets like pearls.
Generate a picture: Under the neon lights of Cyberpunk City, a bionic fox's expression is not indifferent, but gazing into the distance with a trace of sadness.
In a life-size marble sculpture, a girl stares at a butterfly resting on her fingertips, but there is no smile on her face, her expression is calm and sad.
At a grand palace ball, all guests 'dresses were made of glowing star cloth, changing into different constellation patterns with the steps.
Photo generated: Against the background of the vast snowy mountains, a huge brown bear is fishing in a stream. A small squirrel next to it is watching nervously with nuts in its arms.
The book on the left side of the table became wrinkled due to moisture. On the right side of the book was a knocked over water cup, with water stains still remaining on the mouth.
Please create a surrealist style bronze sculpture: an anthropomorphic clock that shed frozen tears because the hands could not rotate. The shape of the tear drops was similar to that of a pendulum.
In the flat illustration style, three young people wearing the same blue T-shirts stood side by side, all looking at the camera with smiles.
In a retro futuristic style, in the center of the picture, a holographic screen is suspended in front of a corgi dog wearing a spacesuit, and its spacecraft is on the left side of the screen.
Generated image: A five-pointed city carved from translucent candy, with the steeples of buildings glowing with soft light suspended in the night sky.
A Beethoven wearing a spacesuit is floating in the rings of Saturn, his eyes closed, as if conducting a silent symphony in space.
Generating image: A young girl from a future world is floating in mid-air, her body is not a physical body, but made up of flowing digital codes and light.
A dark wooden violin leaned against a stack of yellowed old books, its strings shining slightly in the soft light by the window.
Close-up shows a man trapped in a transparent glass box. He is curled up, beating the wall with his fists.
In National Geographic photography style, a fox looks back in a snow-covered forest. Sunlight shines on its orange-red fur through the branches, and the air is filled with tranquility.
Inside a crystal clear glass cube, a sky city made of clouds hangs, and the overall is in a fine clay free-motion animation style.
A huge bronze alarm clock stands in the Sahara Desert, its hands made of quicksand rotating slowly, in a documentary photography style.
Please draw an ink painting: A young girl is standing by the edge of a pond, her dance posture imitating a crane, and the koi carp in the water behind her are swinging their tails and swimming.
Surrealist oil painting, due to the huge water pressure, the ruins of the ancient Roman Colosseum on the seabed were squeezed into a distorted spiral shape, emitting a faint blue light.
A work of art carved from smooth white marble depicts two dolphins leaping out of the water in almost exactly the same posture.
Generated image: A female archaeologist ignores the small snake crawling at her feet because she is fascinated by studying a jade slab carved with a python much larger than the small snake.
A lonely astronaut floats in a dark space capsule, with no signs of life around him, except for a faint red light on the instrument panel illuminating his scarred helmet.
Photo generated: A knight wearing heavy metal armor is standing on tiptoes to gently water roses in a glass greenhouse.
In a city built of huge books, due to a drizzle of knowledge last night, glowing words appeared on the streets.
Generating painting: Above the Great Wall of China, there is a huge crystal pyramid floating. The interior of the pyramid contains a miniature rotating galaxy, in a surrealist style.
On the dusty wooden table, a glass bottle contained an exquisite sailboat model. Behind the bottle was a window, and outside the window was a rainy street.
A man stood in the center of a huge circular platform, with two energy balls floating on his left and nothing on his right.
Due to a night of heavy rain, the water in the square in front of the Colosseum in ancient Rome became a mirror. Its reflection was grander than the real building. The surrounding stone roads and buildings all showed a uniform moist luster.
In Wong Kar-wai's movie style, a woman wearing an exquisite cheongsam is sitting alone by the window of a neon restaurant. The coffee in front of her is still steaming, and her eyes look out the window sadly.
In a Baroque exhibition hall, there are two similar bronze statues of knights. The statue on the left is taller than the one on the right, but there is no sword in its hand.
Generating picture: Draw an ancient wooden treasure chest reinforced by brass locks and corners, and a glowing blue gem inlaid on the lid.
Portrait photography in a retro tan tone, an old craftsman holds an exquisite boat in a bottle in his wrinkled hands, with his studio in the background.
A fashionable woman holds a transparent pentagonal acrylic handbag and stands on a simple city street corner. The light and shadow are mottled and the products are close-up.
Inside a huge crystal ball lies a complete Forbidden City. What floats in the sky are not clouds, but colorful glowing jellyfish.
A whale is floating above the sea of clouds. It is not swimming in the water. Its body is composed of translucent stars and nebulae, making it dreamy and beautiful.
Please create a design material with a huge father gently holding a small baby in a modern flat illustration style.
Please design a launch page for a music app. The loading progress bar in the center of the page is a slowly crawling snail, and the snail's shell is the icon of the play button.
Photo generated: In a futuristic science fiction style, above Times Square in New York, three huge alien motherships are slowly descending, and two pedestrians on the ground are looking up in horror.
A huge Baroque dress with a skirt composed of Van Gogh's starry sky, and several miniature planets floating and rotating between the folds of the skirt.
In a fantasy forest, on the left side of the picture is a deer carved out of crystal, and on the right is an ordinary deer with similar appearance, but it has no spots on its body.
A Japanese woman wearing a traditional kimono gracefully stands on the wooden stage of Kiyomizu Temple in Kyoto. She holds a red oil-paper umbrella and looks out at the distant mountains dyed red with autumn colors. The soft light of the golden moment, and documentary photography.
In the steampunk style, a small tree grows out of a gentleman's top hat, with sophisticated brass gears and pocket watches hanging from the branches.
On the right side of the screen, a huge industrial robot is facing a much smaller domestic robot in the front left.
A hexagonal crystal hourglass, the sand has leaked out due to the passage of time, so it appears particularly crystal clear and flat illustration style.
A young man's sculpture made of glowing glass floated, reaching out to grab something, but he had no shadow.
In a cyberpunk game scene, a floating ancient temple begins to fall due to running out of energy, and its fragments form a dangerous trajectory over the neon city below.
At the bottom of the huge canyon, a tiny figure looked up. Due to the erosion of water over the years, the rock walls on both sides showed layered textures like giant wood carvings.
Generating picture: On a bookshelf in a dimly lit room, a plant grows in a hollowed out book. Due to the lack of sunlight, the plant itself is emitting a soft light in a low-polygon 3D style.
A retro robot plays music on the piano with its rusty metal fingers, in a Cyberpunk style.
A clay sculpture depicts Einstein and Newton, two scientists with similar faces. Because of their different views of the universe, one looks up at the stars, while the other looks down at the apple in his hand.
A futuristic armor designed for the flame elves is composed of flowing lava, with sharp obsidian crystal clusters on the shoulders, and the overall asymmetrical geometry.
Please create a painting: a glass mechanical heart made up of countless tiny gears. Because it is running at high speed, a ruby core inside it is floating in the air and emitting light. The overall steampunk style.
A bronze sculpture of a man opening a treasure chest, but he looked confused because he was taking out a dead leaf from the box with his hand.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot is so sad that its body is covered with cracks. What flows out of the cracks is not tea, but sprouting green vines.
In a clay stop-motion animation style, a hamster wearing a space helmet flies over a giant cheese planet in a carrot spacecraft.
Please draw: A huge transparent glass bottle contains a miniature Cyberpunk city. On the left side of the bottle is a holographic pyramid, and on the right is a willow tree composed of data streams, presenting a unified neon light effect as a whole.
A dolphin carved from smooth sapphire is leaping out of a mechanical wave made of brass, rich in details and studio lights.
Deep in the crystal cave, a huge glowing mushroom is chanting to a silent rock floating in mid-air.
In the cramped cabin of the spacecraft, Lycra dogs in spacesuits stared at the blue earth through the porthole.
A chef shed tears, not because he was cutting onions, but because the freshly baked cake in front of him was so perfect, and his eyes were full of emotion.
Two little boys discovered a mysterious treasure chest, and because the box was too heavy, they decided to lift it together.
In a minimalist living room, an anthropomorphic gray fabric sofa is curled up comfortably, with a book on the floor on its left side.
In the black-and-white movie style, the detective found a bullet shell in the foreground of the room, so he squatted down to examine it carefully. There was a vague figure standing at the door far behind him.
In the ruins of an abandoned futuristic city, giant glowing vines are winding around and squeezing a skyscraper, whose glass curtain walls are shattering.
An anthropomorphic cartoon tomato is in the center of the frame, with one hand playfully pointing upwards, in a linear icon style and a white background.
Clay sculpture style, in a transparent glass box, the foreground is a still blue lake surface, and there is a curved pine tree on the left bank of the lake.
On the right side of Big Ben in London, a detective is carefully inspecting the ground as it has just rained, and the metal magnifying glass in his hand and the stone road under his feet reflect a moist luster.
A lion's mane made of flowing liquid gold gracefully leaps over a suspended perfume bottle against a dark product booth in the background.
On a huge lotus leaf, a crystal clear dewdrop contains a complete ocean world, in which a miniature sailboat is experiencing a small storm.
A huge ice cream pyramid melted due to the heat of the desert, and the melted cream flowed down to form a river as white as milk.
A Bubble Mart Blind Box style panda doll is housed in a transparent twisted eggshell. It is using its hands to curiously touch the inner wall of the eggshell.
At the bottom of the screen, two similar-looking brown bears are working together to push a jar full of honey to the left.
Please generate a picture: Because the floating magic book in front of him began to turn pages automatically, a young magician showed a surprised expression and stared at the book. The overall style was Japanese fantasy.
Please draw a living room built inside a giant jellyfish, with a man doing exaggerated gymnastics movements. There are no other humans in the room, only a parrot combing its feathers.
Generated image: During a snowstorm, a young explorer is hugging a lost snow fox to keep him warm, animated movie style.
The remains of a huge alien creature, the bones of which are metallic, and a mutated vulture is standing on its ribs, vigilantly combing its feathers.
The wizard recited a spell according to the magic book and wanted to pray for rain. In the end, because of one wrong word, all the sweets fell from the sky.
A lonely astronaut hangs weightlessly in the control room of the abandoned space station, gazing at the distant earth through broken portholes in Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
A triangular mountain peak carved from crystal has a glowing sphere suspended above the top of its mountain.
A trendy blind box toy-style astronaut has a small goldfish swimming freely in his transparent round helmet.
Under the stars, two whales made of nebulae are slowly cruising over the city in a surrealist oil painting style.
In the minimalist meditation room he designed, a tired programmer sat on the futon on his left to meditate. Because he gained peace of mind, the floating stone on his right stopped shaking.
Generating picture: Two similar-looking orange cats saw a cucumber on the ground. One jumped in fear, but the other came forward to sniff it out of curiosity.
Generating picture: Because he had just put on a new pair of running shoes, a man jumped up excitedly on the spot. He looked down at the glowing shoes under his feet, his face full of disbelief.
Generating picture: In a messy detective office, an office desk is placed in the center of the picture. Behind the desk is a shutter. Outside the window is the city at night. There is an empty chair in front of the table.
In the center of the picture, a huge alien mothership is floating quietly. On its left are three frigates and on its right is a deserted red planet.
The ancient Roman Senate is debating fiercely on Mars. Due to weak gravity, their white toga robes float slowly in the air, in a classical oil painting style.
Please generate a surreal photo: a giant octopus carved from crystal, its tentacles wrapped around the moon, and the background is a deep cosmic nebula.
A huge castle made of countless colored candies and biscuits. The tower on the left side of the castle is taller than the one on the right. There is a small chocolate door below the tower.
On the left side of the screen, a hungry kitten is staring saliently at a goldfish in the glass tank on the right. However, because it is afraid of water, it only dares to tentatively touch the outer wall of the fish tank with its claws.
In the dense forest, a nimble monkey is swinging from one vine to another. Right below it, a tiger is looking up curiously.
Please generate a retro style photo: a red vinyl record is placed on the left side of the screen, empty on the right side, and no stylus is playing on the record.
An ancient brass compass, its needle does not point north, but firmly points to an open book, as if knowledge is the real direction.
Documentary photography style, on the black sand beach of Iceland, crystal ice is scattered next to huge basalt stone pillars, and in the distance are surging gray waves.
In the ruins of a cyberpunk-style city, an astronaut took off his helmet, and a mysterious diamond pattern composed of blue data streams began to appear on his face.
A city ruins made of huge colored candies, one building taller than the other, and its surface melted into a bright rainbow color because of the rain.
Generated image: In a minimalist room, a yoga enthusiast performs difficult dance-style movements on a huge triangular yoga mat.
Please generate a photo of a penguin wearing a crown, standing alone on the top of a glacier, without any companions around, looking solemn.
In the spacecraft's ecological cabin, a huge space jellyfish with fluorescent tentacles floated in the air. Below it, a tiny crystal fox was gazing at it curiously.
In the cockpit of the spacecraft, a helmeted capybara captain sits in the center, with a holographic star map of the solar system floating to its right.
A huge octopus with bioluminescent patterns wields tentacles and wraps around an abandoned interstellar spacecraft that has sunk in the deep sea.
A Great Wall made of huge candies meanders through the sea of clouds. After a child discovered it, he did not eat it, but instead ran excitedly along the wall.
Generated picture: An anthropomorphic antique double-mirror camera wearing a steampunk vest is twirling with its fingers on the sophisticated brass gears on its sleeve to see the distant scenery.
Generating picture: A clumsy domestic floor sweeping robot is trying to reach out with its robotic arm to reach for a small red ball stuck under the sofa.
Please create a picture: Below the picture is a ground paved with smooth obsidian, and in the center of the picture stands a huge arch made of transparent crystal.
Generate a picture: a blooming sunflower field in the foreground, a country road in the middle, and several blue hills in the far.
A woman in a gorgeous dress was proudly showing off her diamond necklace, while the simply dressed man next to her looked sad because he discovered that his wallet was missing.
Generating picture: A huge rift in time and space tore through the night sky. The edge of the rift flashed with electricity, shaped like an open eye.
A clumsy knight had just escaped the flames of the flying dragon. He slumped on the ground, his face black and gray, showing a funny expression of surviving a disaster and still in shock.
Generating pictures: Please design a Gothic-style black cloak. Because it absorbs the moonlight, the edges of the cloak begin to emit a silver glow and complex star patterns emerge.
Landscape photography, under the wide-angle lens, three snow-capped peaks are reflected in the calm lake water, with several red maple leaves floating on the lake.
Julius Caesar in ancient Rome stood under the huge Coca-Cola billboard and looked up at the giant creature in confusion.
In the red desert of an alien planet, the wreckage of a crashed spacecraft is on the right side of the picture, with a broken flag planted on its left.
In the Japanese animation style, the foreground of the picture is a boy carrying a schoolbag. He looks at the sky in horror. Behind him is a huge monster landing.
Please create a science fiction movie scene: At the top of the ancient Egyptian pyramids, a huge blue energy beam is being emitted towards Mars, and sand and sand are suspended in the sky.
A huge crystal hourglass stands in the middle of the desert. Because the sand has been leaked out, the entire desert is covered with a thin layer of snow and shines.
Generating picture: In the cockpit of an abandoned space station, a rusty square robot stands in front of a smooth spherical robot as they appear to be talking.
A rabbit wearing glasses was carefully learning to write calligraphy with its front paws, and his face showed a focused and confused expression.
A giraffe has a neck that can bend and coil like a snake, and its body is covered with black and white stripes of zebra instead of spots.
In the forest made of crystals, the branches are shaped like tuning forks. Due to the blowing of the wind, the trees make a pleasant sound, so what falls is not the leaves, but the glowing notes.
Generated picture: Cyberpunk style, a cleaning robot does not clean because it stops in front of the holographic butterfly and stares at the illusory creature.
Generating an animated scene: An orange cat is squatting on the windowsill in the foreground, gazing curiously at a white dove flying in the distance outside the window.
An ancient castle suspended in the sea of clouds. There are huge chains around the castle connected to floating rocks, in a Cyberpunk style.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, a little girl is lost in the forest. She is not afraid at all, but instead observes the glowing little mushrooms around her curiously.
Generate pictures: Please design an IP image. An astronaut has the entire starry sky in his helmet. He is watering a withered planet, and what flows out of the canteen is the Milky Way.
A steampunk style bronze elephant sculpture, because it carries a city on its back, has no ivory to avoid accidentally injuring the building.
On the left of the picture is a mountain peak made of stacked old books, and on the right is a river made of blue ink. The two meet at the bottom of the picture.
On the rainy night street scene of the future city, the neon light of the holographic billboard is reflected on the wet ground, presenting a cyberpunk artistic style.
In a cinematic sense, an astronaut with a body made of glowing blue crystals floated in front of the giant rings of Saturn, but he was not wearing a helmet and looked calm.
Deep in the forest under the moonlight, a buck stands quietly. Its majestic antlers are composed of translucent, shimmering ice crystals, which is cinematic.
Please generate a picture: In the bright art classroom, a young female teacher is bending over and teaching a little boy how to color colors.
An astronaut wearing a dark blue spacesuit stood on a light blue planet. The sky in the distance was royal blue and everything was blue.
Generating a picture: Draw a girl holding a huge five-pointed star shaped magic wand in her hand. The top of the magic wand is glowing, in a Japanese animation style.
In the fairy tale illustration style, in the forest clearing, a mother brown bear is handing a honey jar to the two bears in front of her. The bears happily reach out to pick it up.
Generated image: A chameleon made of glass does not hide behind the leaves. Instead, it boldly stands in front of a pile of ancient books and peers curiously.
Please create a skin care e-commerce poster: a white bunny gently leaning against a bottle of moisturizing essence, flat illustration style, macaron color.
Scattered on the beach are a pile of conch shells, which vary in color and size, but all have a similar spiral texture.
In the sunny kitchen, a kind grandma is teaching her granddaughter how to make dumplings, in a warm and healing picture book illustration style.
In one bathroom designed for elephants, the shower head is larger than the Egyptian pyramid, so when water pours down, it creates a spectacular indoor waterfall.
The mythical Trojan Horse, with its huge body made of solid wooden boards, is slowly being dragged by soldiers towards the gate.
Please draw a picture: A flock of geese is migrating. The two similar geese leading the group form a huge V-shaped formation with the flock.
Newton was sitting under an apple tree. Because an apple had just hit him on the head, he fell into deep thought about gravity. Behind him was the tree trunk and in front of him was the apple.
A mechanical heart composed of clockwork and gears no longer beats ice because it feels warm, but begins to bloom with a soft light.
Generating pictures: In the warm living room, there are several goldfish swimming in the glass fish tank on the table, and an orange cat is lying on the edge of the table, curiously reaching out its claws and trying to catch the fish. It is in Hayao Miyazaki's anime style.
A red-brick lighthouse stands on the stormy black reef, its light penetrating the thick fog. Thick paint oil painting style.
Miniature solar system planets are carefully arranged on dark wooden tables, with Jupiter on the left, Saturn on the right, and Earth in the center of the foreground.
A anthropomorphic red fire hydrant is trying to tiptoe on an empty city street, trying to drop a letter into a high mailbox.
Please draw: Because he was hit by a red apple and two yellow pears falling from the tree, Newton was sitting under the tree in deep thought, his expression changing from confusion to enlightenment.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic brass alarm clock stands in front of a wooden table, behind which is another brass desk lamp of exactly the same material and style, and two objects look out the window together.
Generating picture: In a city made of books, a boy with paper wings is flying up with a serious expression to light up a mushroom street lamp because the sand of a giant hourglass clock runs out.
A close-up of the Eiffel Tower in France uses a black and white photography style to emphasize the geometric beauty and power of its steel structure.
A library maze built of huge books, the pages become walking paths, and the words fly in the air like fireflies.
In the center of the abandoned factory, a rusty machine stands alone, behind it is a broken window, and the sky in the distance is gloomy and realistic.
In the center of the picture, a crystal fox is lying quietly. On its left is a glowing rune door, and on its right are several strange blue plants.
There is a huge gap in the middle of the endless Great Wall, and a restored Rubik's Cube fits into it. Because it has been restored, the surrounding city walls emit colorful lights.
Please design a game character selection interface: On the left side of the screen is an elf archer, on the right side is a dwarf warrior, and there is nothing between them.
Generated image: An Eiffel Tower that is not in its original shape has become a huge pyramid shape.
Generating picture: In the top half of the frame, a boy is riding on a huge paper airplane. Directly below him, a group of whales are tumbling in the blue sea of clouds.
Please make a three-dimensional art installation: a brass clock melted and deformed because it was too close to the fireplace, and a similar clock next to it remained intact.
Generating picture: Shakespeare on the left and Leonardo da Vinci on the right, both wearing gorgeous Renaissance costumes, talking in the library, using the style of classical oil painting.
A carefully carved mechanical sculpture in the Baroque style, and a crystal carved rose blooms on the top of an antique music box. Both present complex and gorgeous curled patterns.
An astronaut stared at the holographic star map in front of him. Due to a spacecraft failure, the star map flashed like a dying star, its size even larger than the real planet outside the spacecraft.
In the center of the fountain in the city square, a huge metal sculpture depicts a whale leaping out of the water. The splash is also part of the sculpture.
Please design a cartoon-style logo, an anthropomorphic pear whose outline is similar to a light bulb, but the pear itself does not glow.
In a future cyberpunk-style city, people wearing fluorescent protective clothing are fleeing in terror on the streets of neon lights.
On the sea, the flight trajectory of a group of white seagulls forms a huge acoustic curve. Right below them, a giant whale is opening its mouth and singing.
Generating picture: A black smart slightly sends a command light wave to the opposite white smart slightly, so a sun icon immediately appears on the screen of the white slightly.
In the evening in Paris, under the Eiffel Tower, a red retro car is parked on the Seine River. A couple is walking next to it.
Please draw a violin made of crystal material. Inside the body, there is a glowing liquid flowing slowly like a plant vein.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a sumo wrestler made of huge stones is taking big strides and aggressively heading towards a small teahouse under a cherry blossom tree.
In the abandoned warehouse, a female agent aimed a gun with one hand. In front of her right was an open metal suitcase.
In the cherry blossom season, the top of Fuji is covered with snow, and the Shinkansen train at the foot of the mountain is passing by at high speed. The picture is peaceful and beautiful.
In a clay stop-motion animation style, against the backdrop of Egyptian pyramids, a fox wearing a pharaoh's headdress and a lion wearing a Roman general's armor are playing chess.
A knight made of polished obsidian stood alone in the deserted white desert, the moonlight reflecting a cold luster on his armor.
A penguin wearing a futuristic suit stands in the center of the catwalk. Because it wants to show its personality, its suit has no pockets and the background on the left is a distorted silhouette of the city.
A spiral staircase made of light, which has no physical support, quietly hangs in the dark universe.
An ancient clock suspended in the air broke due to sensing cracks in time, and countless gears and parts were scattered from the right side of the clock plate to the ground.
The background of a weather forecast APP is clear blue sky and white clouds, but there is no sun on the interface, only temperature numbers are displayed.
An anthropomorphic blue tea cup and an anthropomorphic pink teapot, both wearing gentlemen's hats, sit quietly on an exquisite lace tablecloth.
Generating picture: A Corky and a Shiba Inu are walking on the catwalk. Corky is wearing a more gorgeous royal guard uniform than Shiba Inu's, and he is also wagging his tail excitedly.
A man stood in front of a bookshelf. He was not depressed because he couldn't find the book he wanted. Instead, he picked up a pot of plants on the table behind him with great interest.
Cyberpunk style, a mechanical owl perches on a neon city billboard against a futuristic night view of a futuristic city with acid rain in the background.
In the center of a futuristic white rotunda, an astronaut is climbing down from a ladder. Below him is a blue-glowing transmission platform.
A ballet dancer wearing a long black dress is behind her by a broken mirror that reflects her tired but determined face.
A desert made up of countless round mirrors. Although the sun is high in the sky, the desert is not hot. On the contrary, because the mirrors reflect the starry sky, it appears colder than the night.
In the studio, a painter wearing a mottled apron is exhausted from creating all day long, and the reflection in the window behind him also hangs his head.
In the steampunk animation style, a huge brass astronomical clock no longer rotates because the two core gears inside it fall off and float in front of the astronomical clock.
In the ruins of the future city, a mechanical beast in the form of a cheetahs confronts a mechanical beast in the form of a rhinoceros. The former is much smaller than the latter.
As the little boy stretched out his finger to the air and drew a pattern, a crystal tree taller than him grew on the ground in front of him, photography style.
Pixel art style, one capybara on the left side of the picture wears a party hat, so all capybara on the right side also wear the same hats and dance neatly.
An anthropomorphic wood-carved chess king lost the chess game, the cross above his head was askew and he sat on the chessboard dejectedly.
Generating picture: The foreground is a winding stream, there is a lonely willow tree on the left bank of the stream, and the perspective is the rolling blue mountains.
Generating picture: Please draw a peaceful lake with three yellow ducklings floating on the surface of the lake, swimming forward in a row.
Generated image: A huge crystal plant glows in blue light on the left side of the frame, and a steampunk airship made of brass and gears hangs on the right.
A cosmic whale sculpture made of crystals and nebulae, in a Cyberpunk style, with neon light inside its body.
Generated image: An ancient stone bridge is covered with ivy, and on the other side of the stream there is a similar wooden bridge, covered with the same plants.
A vintage study room, a huge polished mahogany desk stacked with old books, a copper lamp emitting soft light.
In the retro film style, an elegant lady stands in front of a red sports car, her shadow projecting long on its shiny body.
Outside the shattered dome of the abandoned space station, a huge biological spacecraft is using glowing tentacles to grab floating meteorite fragments from the sky.
Generating picture: Design a modern and simple bedroom. There is a huge anthropomorphic alarm clock on the bedside table. It is reaching out with a small hand and trying to reach the small desk lamp switch next to it.
Photo generated: A huge transparent glass bottle contains a small oriental garden. The garden has rockery, flowing water and exquisite pavilions.
Please generate a cinematic stills: On the left side of the picture, a man wearing a windbreaker is making a phone call in the rain, and on his right side is an old-fashioned car with lights on.
Retro film photography style, a huge drifting bottle contains a delicate and compact model of the Statue of Liberty, and a miniature New York City skyline in the bottle.
In the wilderness at dusk, a girl with an indifferent expression had three butterflies flying in front of her. One of them was bigger than the other two, but she did not look at them.
Please draw a picture of a perfume advertisement: A woman is holding a star-shaped crystal bottle in her hand, and the aroma it emits forms glowing butterfly wings behind her.
Photo generated: An old man with half his body made of ancient bronze clock machinery shed tears as he felt the passage of time, in a Gothic painting style.
Generate pictures: Please create a clay sculpture of a ballerina wearing a long red dress spinning gracefully with a flowing skirt.
A Gothic-style clay sculpture: A thin poet sits on a stone bench, with a black cat licking his paws on his left, and several pieces of manuscript paper filled with poems scattered on his right.
Steampunk animation style, because the girl successfully repaired the rusty mechanical dog next to her, it excitedly shook its brass tail.
Above the steampunk city, a huge brass whale-shaped building hangs. Below it, a flock of mechanical birds are flying around it.
Generate a photo: a boy in a blue sweater, holding a blue teddy bear, sitting on a blue sofa, with a calm expression.
Generating picture: A clay model scene, the chocolate castle is melting due to the caramel sun, and a gingerbread man is struggling to climb a frosted mountain next to it, which is higher than the castle.
An exquisite crystal ball encloses a snow-capped miniature city, with snowflakes flying all over the sky, in a watercolor painting style.
On the streets of Paris at night, the Eiffel Tower shines on the left side, and a huge wooden sailboat is slowly sailing towards the moon on the right side in the sky.
After listening to the patient's heartbeat with a stethoscope, the expression on his face instantly changed from relaxed to serious because he heard an abnormality.
In the water alley of Venice, Italy, a gondola boat is docked next to a colorful ancient building. The water reflects the blue sky and the shadows of houses.
By the moat under the corner tower of the Forbidden City, a white cat is curiously looking at the koi swimming in the water.
In the Ukiyo-e style, an Egyptian pharaoh in a spacesuit is staring at the holographic projection of the pyramid in his hand, which exudes a faint blue light.
A bronze mechanical owl has a glass cover on its chest and a hummingbird with a sad expression inside.
The Eiffel Tower, which is made up of countless ancient books, shines with wisdom in the sunset.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic Statue of Liberty became sore from holding her arms for too long, so she placed the torch on the ground and rested herself.
Generating picture: A huge anthropomorphic mushroom is holding an umbrella for the little hedgehog underneath it, but it has no umbrella of its own and lets the rain wet its head.
A modern Medusa model wears a long silver dress spliced by fragments of reflective mirrors, in a Cyberpunk style, because gaze petrifies everything.
In the illustration style, the old man in the picture does not have a smile on his face. His wrinkles are deeper than the lines of a dead tree next to him.
An anthropomorphic old clock did not tell the time as usual because its battery was exhausted. Instead, it lowered its hands tiredly with a depressed expression on its face.
An environmentally themed poster shows a child holding a small sapling in both hands and carefully placing it into the soil with an abstract green geometric figure in the background.
A child felt sad, so the walls of the room around him turned dark blue, and two huge teardrop-shaped crystal lights condensed on the ceiling.
An anthropomorphic blue water drop is embracing a red flame. They do not extinguish each other, flattening the logo design style.
Generating picture: Two boys are wearing the same wool hats, and one of them is handing a smooth glass marble to the other boy.
Please design a costume: an anthropomorphic white porcelain teacup wearing a dress made of amber tea with milky white foam lace on the hem.
A richly dressed aristocratic girl and a simply dressed poor girl stood side by side. The aristocratic girl's expression was indifferent, while the poor girl's smile was even brighter.
Please create a clay sculpture: an anthropomorphic sun, passionately opening its arms towards a shy sunflower in the distance, without contact.
A glass kettle with dragonfly wings is suspended in the air. Below it is a huge sunflower. The kettle is pouring dew into the flower center.
A pair of anthropomorphic ebony chess kings and queens have similar wooden textures. The king looks sad on the left side of the chessboard, and the queen looks firm on the right side.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, an anthropomorphic cactus gentleman is gracefully waltzing. On his right stands a camel lady, Van Gogh starry art style.
A futuristic soldier stands among the ruins of a city, his armor made of broken lenses, each mirror reflecting a different doomsday scene.
Generating picture: Advertising poster, there are three empty circular shelves on the left side of the picture. Because the goods have been sold out, the female shop assistant on the right side does not smile, but looks very shocked.
A man was walking in a downpour. The raindrops fell on him. Instead of soaking his clothes, they bloomed colorful flowers.
Generating picture: A knight in worn armor, bound by gold chains, kneeling on one knee in front of an abandoned throne, Pixar animation style.
In the Japanese animated film style, under the flying cherry blossoms in the sky, the eyes of a boy and a white cat turned the same gold and stared into the distance.
A girl with butterfly wings has a glass fish tank on her right, which contains a miniature city, but there is no water in the fish tank.
Acid rain fell over a cyberpunk-style city. As the rain eroded neon signs, the streets became darker and more sinister.
Please design a loading animation for the music APP: a vinyl record is rotating on a gramophone, with the needle touching the record accurately, in the Cyberpunk neon style.
A brown bear was circling anxiously under the tree because it was too small to reach the huge beehive dripping with golden honey on the branch.
In steampunk style, huge mechanical whales travel through the clouds, and below it is a floating Victoria city.
Generating a painting: Steampunk style, a brass city built on the back of a huge mechanical turtle floating in the sea of clouds. Because it has lost its power core, the city buildings no longer shine.
An old book that was spread out was squeaking by the wind, its pages were flying in the air, and the sun shone on the yellowed paper.
A woman floats in the middle of a room filled with water. Behind her is a giant grandfather clock. In front of her is a glowing jellyfish, but her clothes are not wet.
Generating picture: A huge octopus floats above the clouds, grasping nothing between its tentacles, and people in the city below are looking up.
A huge alien probe landed next to the Eiffel Tower, extending a robotic arm longer than a human arm. Out of curiosity, a kitten was carefully approaching.
Create a picture: On the vast grassland, there is a huge mushroom, its cover is larger than a three-story building next to it.
Please design a UI interface for a weather APP with a flat style. Because it is forecast to rain, the cartoon frog mascot in the interface is holding a lotus leaf umbrella in frustration.
In the Art Deco painting, physicist Madame Curie discovered a glowing butterfly, whose hands also emitted a soft light because it was inspired by radiation.
In the classical oil painting style, Cleopatra wore a silk robe with a snake coiled around her arm, its golden scales shining.
Please draw a picture: a lava sun rises above a city made of crystals, so it begins to slowly melt, in a conceptual art style.
Please draw a clumsy brown bear. Because it is too heavy, it bends the branches. It is trying to extend its claws upwards to reach the beehive hanging in front of it, using a low-polygon art style.
There is a strange forest in the deep sea. Huge glowing jellyfish are the trees here, and fish of fish with feathered wings shuttle through it.
A documentary photo shows a white-haired old man walking in front of the Great Wall. He looks taller than the young grandson behind him. In the distance are rolling mountains.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic character with a desk lamp head and a book body is sitting quietly on a wooden desk.
In the control room of the abandoned space station, a rusty robot stood in front of the center console, with several dilapidated displays scattered behind it, and the deep starry sky beyond the porthole in the distance.
A crystal clear glass statue of the king, he looked sad because the crown was shattered, and he held two broken crown fragments in his hands.
In an ice crystal library, a scholar touched an ice book with his finger. Due to the temperature of his fingertips, the pages melted and hidden golden symbols emerged.
Please design a catwalk scene at a fashion show, with the model wearing a gorgeous dress and an elegant white deer leaping past her, chasing a floating butterfly.
Photo generated: A mechanical whale as huge as a skyscraper is swimming slowly in the sea of clouds, surrounded by tiny aircraft flying in a steampunk style.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a mountain range made of huge books stacked on top of the mountain. Due to the weight of knowledge, the books on the top of the mountain are slowly falling down with glowing words instead of snowflakes.
The logo design of a maternal and infant community, abstract line drawings of the mother and the baby, the outlines of the two characters are highly similar, with a minimalist style and warm colors.
In Cyberpunk style, a man stared at the holographic projection of the earth in his palm. It was slowly rotating, reflecting blue light shining on his face.
A precise brass mechanical heart sculpture has gears that mesh with another similar but rusty heart sculpture.
Please draw a picture in the Japanese Ukiyo-e style of a flexible fox curled up under a blooming cherry tree and taking a nap.
In the clay stop-motion animation scene, a clumsy clay figure lost its balance and fell backward because it stepped on a banana peel on the ground, waving its arms in the air.
A little girl's hair turned into colorful marshmallows because she ate too much candy. She was looking at herself in the mirror in surprise.
In a futuristic city with neon lights, Leonardo da Vinci wore a mechanical exoskeleton and floated in the air in meditation, with a holographic projection of the Mona Lisa in front of him. Cyberpunk film texture.
In the gallery, a girl stared at a self-portrait. Because of her gaze, the girl in the painting shed tears. They looked exactly the same.
Please draw a picture. Because an exquisite hourglass is inverted, the sand inside does not fall, but instead floats upward and gathers into a nebula.
A cute Corgi is lying next to a huge hamburger with curious eyes, e-commerce food advertising style, bright and clean background.
A little boy in striped pajamas was watching an old-fashioned TV, and the protagonist of an animated cartoon on the TV was also wearing the same striped pajamas.
Generate a picture: Please draw an interstellar explorer standing on the surface of a crystal planet, holding a dancing flame in his hand. The picture presents a strong retro science fiction illustration style.
In a crystal city, huge vines wrap around skyscrapers, and the vines are covered with glowing mushrooms.
Clay sculpture, a cosmic giant whale made of nebula, followed by a glowing jellyfish smaller than its eyes.
Due to the long-term lack of attention, dense vines and flowers have grown on the bookshelves of a magnificent library, in a surrealist style.
Create a painting in a strong Impressionist style: a girl with a surprised expression and a naughty cat jumping up and scratching her floating skirt.
Please draw a picture. In a Ukiyo-e-style courtyard, a fat cat with a round body is squatting, looking curiously at a stationary snail on the ground not far away.
A classic-style blue and white porcelain teapot with long legs and arms is gracefully dancing ballet. The overall style is Impressionist oil painting.
A stray dog found half a piece of bread in the trash can, but it did not eat it. Instead, it held the bread in its mouth and ran to the shivering puppy hiding in the corner.
On the left side of the table, an anthropomorphic sad tomato was dejected, and the laughing potato on the right looked particularly proud.
Generating picture: On the deserted surface of Mars, an ancient China sailboat hangs in the air, surrounded by flying mechanical bees. The picture requires a film-level realism.
Generating picture: In a cozy study room, there is a dark wooden desk with a glass vase placed on the desk and a tall bookshelf standing against the wall behind it.
In the surrealist oil painting style, three Einsteins in white coats stood together, one of whom was taller than the other two, and they looked at a complex physical formula blackboard together.
A painter wearing a spacesuit shed tears because he missed the earth. The tears gathered into a blue liquid sphere shaped like the earth in a weightless environment, with a digital art style.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic chess horse is carefully climbing from the edge of the board onto the table because it is tired of the war on the board.
In Cyberpunk style, a huge biomechanical pyramid absorbed the city's digital fog, so its ancient stone surface began to flow with neon data streams.
Generating a sculpture: On the left side of the picture, a sculptor is polishing a bust by hand. The bust on the right side is similar to the sculptor's own face, but has a larger size.
Three similar bronze cheetah sculptures, with smooth body lines and unified postures, are all ready to pounce in the same direction.
There are five old anthropomorphic books on the bookshelf. Because no one has read them for a long time, they all show lonely and sad expressions.
A Gaoding women's dress has a curved shoulder design that imitates a Chinese pavilion, and a silk skirt is embroidered with a complete garden view of the pavilion.
A lion roared against the wind on the African savanna, its mane flying, and its outline was outlined by the golden light of the sunset, in a documentary photography style.
Generating picture: A ceramic teacup slipped off the edge of the table. Just as it was about to break, a gust of wind blew the cushion on the table and caught it. It was a cinematic texture.
On the wide grassland, a smart border collie stood up on its hind legs, grabbed a wooden fence with its front paws, and looked curiously at the sheep outside the fence.
Generating picture: A ceramic tea cup is broken, but what flows out of the crack is not tea, but a shining star river symbolizing memory.
A detective wearing a windbreaker stood in the square in front of the Eiffel Tower. Not far behind him, an old-fashioned car was quietly parked on the roadside.
Please design a perfume advertisement: The female model in the center of the picture holds a square bottle of perfume, and several colorful triangular geometries float on her left side. The overall is in the pop art style.
Salvador Dali-style Egyptian pyramids melt in the desert, flowing clocks hang from their spires, and the sky is full of eyes.
A snowman whose body is made of crystal clear ice is happily melting into a pool of clear water little by little because it feels the warmth of the sun.
Retro film photography, a row of glass marbles of different shapes are arranged on the wooden floor at the same spacing from left to right.
Surrealist oil painting style, a floating crystal city. There is no land below the city, only a group of glowing whales swimming slowly in the sea of clouds.
In the Ukiyo-e style, on the left side of the picture, an anthropomorphic Mount Fuji samurai is wiping his sword seriously, but the cherry blossom fairy on the right is unhappy and depressed.
Generating pictures: On a desk, there are a phone, a mug and an apple, all made of translucent, glowing glass.
In the autumn forest, a group of squirrels with red maple leaf-like tails are simultaneously collecting nuts on the ground piled with red maple leaves.
Please draw a picture: a beautiful castle made of candies. On the left side of the castle there is a river flowing with milk, but there is no bridge on the river, in a surrealist style.
Generating picture: A time traveler stands in the ancient Roman Colosseum, with futuristic technology-style armor patterns on his arm that exactly match the cracks in the broken wall of the Colosseum.
Please design a logo: Inside a transparent crystal ball, there is a miniature Forbidden City, with a corner tower in front of it, and the background is undulating distant mountains.
An elegant ballet dancer, her skirt is composed of sparkling solidified crystal drops, in a fantasy artistic style.
Generate a picture: Please design a logo with a cartoon fox in the foreground and a distant mountain covered with snow behind it.
Generated image: An ancient castle stands on a top of a mountain, surrounded by a river, and the sun shines on it.
A miniature landscape made of clay has a small red house in the center of the picture, with a tall tree on its left and a winding path on its right.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot was struggling with both hands to lift the lid of the teapot, but its hands were too short and failed to open it successfully, in a cartoon illustration style.
Please draw a picture: the command center of the abandoned space station, a holographic screen flashing red alarms, and a huge strange planet outside the window, adopting a cinematic conceptual art style.
A steampunk festival poster has Beethoven wearing goggles at the center, playing passionately a pipe organ made of brass pipes and pressure gauges.
In Cyberpunk style, an old TV set shed tears because it couldn't receive the happy signal. The screen contained a crying face composed of snowflake noise.
The texture of the movie is that a white-haired old craftsman in the foreground is carefully brushing the dust off a futuristic technology-style glowing cube on the mid-range workbench with his fingertips. The background is a messy tool rack.
In the ruins of a city that has sunk to the bottom of the sea, huge jellyfish floating above the street like lanterns, and glowing fish of fish shuttled between the collapsed buildings. It feels like a movie.
In Pixar animation style, in the stomach of a golden retriever, a swallowed squirrel is holding a flashlight and looking around curiously.
A mountain peak made of chocolate pierces into the sky, and a huge marshmallow cloud was caught by its spires and was slowly melting.
A woman in a spacesuit is sitting on the moon made of gorgeous nebulae fishing, with a shining star at the end of the fishing rod, in a surrealist photography style.
A distorted sculpture made of polished chromium metal, its surface reflects the gorgeous sunset, showing a minimalist style as a whole.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit, wearing a helmet made of a dazzling nebula, floats on top of the Eiffel Tower.
Photo generated: As the distant Mount Vesuvius began to smoke, several tourists in the foreground hurriedly fled the ruins of Pompeii. The picture is in a realistic oil painting style.
A forest banshee with three arms is gently weaving a braid made of moonlight with two of her hands, in a surrealist style.
Generate a picture: Please design a costume design draft, with a front view of the skirt on the left and a back view on the right, but do not draw the model. The overall style is watercolor hand-painted.
There was a frog on the lotus leaf in the pond. It curled up nervously because it saw a snake passing downstream of the water.
On the left side of the desk, an old anthropomorphic radio was facing the empty bird cage on the right, with a disappointed expression because the songs it played could no longer call back the former listeners.
In the interface of a weather application, because the user inquired about sunny days, the cloud element in the interface shed tears sadly.
A small town is trapped in a snowflake ball. The red-roofed house is exactly the same color as the red crayon next to it, but because the ball is cracked, what falls is black ash.
The character design of the game shows Cleopatra wearing a golden robe and reclining on a soft couch, playing with a green snake in her hand.
Steampunk animation style, a precision mechanical heart made of brass and glass beats slowly against a gear-lined background.
Rows of old cleaning robots stopped working because their programs were outdated, except for the latest robot, whose shell is smoother than all other robots, was still running.
Please generate a picture: The Egyptian pyramid is made of transparent blue glass, and its internal structure is precise mechanical gears running against a desert background.
A futuristic urban streetscape, all buildings, aircraft and pedestrian clothing present a unified, streamlined metallic texture.
The female astronaut trembled with fear, but the crystal alien creature in front of her did not attack. Instead, it emitted a soft blue light, as if to comfort her.
In the surrealist-style scene, the huge pyramids of Giza are slowly melting and dripping into the desert like ice cream.
Generated image: A flame floating in the air has the crystal texture and sharp shape of ice cubes, exuding cold air.
Please generate an animated picture: Deep in the dreamy forest, a snow-white fox guarding a tree of life exuding a soft golden light, using the animation style of Studio Ghibli.
Generated picture: A snow leopard is lying on a snowy mountain rock. Not far away is another similar snow leopard. It is turning its head to look at the camera in a wildlife photography style.
A Baroque clay sculpture depicts astronaut Armstrong as he carefully walks on the cheese-made surface of the moon.
In black and white art photography, the man's body on the left side of the picture is decomposing into a group of birds, and on the right is a similar woman, and her skirt is also transforming into a butterfly flying upward.
In the surrealist style, a lady's head is an open cage with a lonely bird chirping sadly.
In a bronze sculpture, an astronaut's helmet cracked open, and gorgeous crystal flowers grew out of the crack, shining like a nebula.
The playback interface of a music App has a round user avatar at the top of the screen. The avatar shows a man quietly playing a guitar. His blue shirt is in the same color as the blue round play button in the interface, and the bottom is aligned. The lyrics are aligned.
Late at night on the dock, a lonely lamp swayed in the wind, wet ropes were scattered on the ground, and the dense fog in the distance shrouded everything.
In the Ukiyo-e style, ancient Japanese samurai meet a geisha playing an electric guitar under a cherry blossom tree. The atmosphere is tense and psychedelic.
Generating pictures: Create a miniature landscape of three pyramids in Giza, Egypt, made of transparent crystal, with two sand dunes next to them imitating their shapes.
Inside the weightless space station, two astronauts were floating, and one of them reached out and touched a mysterious crystal floating above.
In the trendy toy style, an anthropomorphic flame elf stretches out his small hand and carefully touches a piece of melting ice.
A close-up of the forest after the rain, an ancient tree stump covered with moss, the cracks and texture of the bark cleverly forming a weather-beaten, contemplative face.
A red panda is lying on a tree trunk. Because it can't reach the red fruits above its head, it is reaching out its front paws and trying to pick them.
In a Gothic-style illustration, the vampire aristocrat on the left side of the picture gracefully stretches out his right hand, with a black butterfly resting on his index finger, and a dark red curtain in the background.
Create a picture: Deep in a forest, a huge glowing crystal stands in the center. Due to the energy of the crystal, the stream flowing out from the bottom of it is also glowing, so the plants along the stream grow extremely lush.
On the left side of the screen, a little girl in a raincoat is standing quietly under the bus stop waiting for a bus. On her right is an empty street wet with rain.
A gardener's hands have grown delicate vines and flowers. She is carefully trimming a bonsai with these special hands.
A small cube robot was assembling a huge engine when it pointed out its robotic arm to an empty slot on the right side of the engine because key parts were missing.
In the messy studio, there are overturned paint cans in the foreground. A painter stared at the drawing board in front of him in frustration because of the delay in completing his work. Several old works hung on the background wall, in the style of Impressionist oil painting.
A boy was trapped in a huge transparent bubble. His face was filled with sadness when he saw the withering forest outside. The bubble was slowly rising from the sky of the forest.
In a quiet study room, the window was broken, so the autumn wind blew in the red maple leaves in the yard and scattered them on the desk in front of the window.
A young woman stood next to a park bench. She smiled and looked at the pigeons not far away. They were pecking on the ground. The picture had a retro film texture.
The main picture of e-commerce products shows a crystal clear little fox decoration, behind which is a fuzzy round light spot background, which looks noble and mysterious.
With the texture of the oil painting, physicist Einstein looked in amazement at a huge apple on the table, which was almost as big as his upper body.
A pink chocolate river flows in front of the picture, a green lollipop tree grows on the bank on the left, and a yellow candy castle in the distance.
In the documentary photography style, an old man stared at a blurred photo of his youth in the foreground. As time passed, the mirror behind him clearly reflected his old face.
The huge purple moon hangs on the right side of the picture, and the silver moonlight shines on the black sea of tulips on the left.
Please generate a Baroque-style female marble sculpture. She looks sad but does not shed tears on her face.
On the majestic Great Wall, a naive giant panda eats bamboo in the foreground, which is the rolling mountains.
Please generate a science-fiction cinematic picture: a huge alien obelisk floating above the city, firing energy pulses at a drone below.
In the huge circular space station, an astronaut is repairing equipment in the lower left corner of the screen. In the far upper right corner, another figure in a red spacesuit is slowly floating.
Create a picture: A semi-mechanical detective discovers a weapon suspended in the air. Due to a violation of the law of gravity, the analyzer on his face is instantly overloaded and sparks are sparking.
A huge glass apple is placed in the center of the picture, next to a small apple, and two golden hummingbirds are circling on the upper right.
Generated picture: A huge castle floating in the sea of clouds. The castle is brightly lit, but there is no figure in the Ghibli animation style.
On a huge chessboard made of transparent crystal, several chess pieces made of lava are placed in a Gothic art style.
A black piano as huge as a mountain, with white jade steps on the keys, stands quietly in the middle of the empty white hall.
A penguin who is extremely afraid of cold, it knitted a thick rainbow scarf for itself, but still shivered in the ice and snow, in a clay style.
A winding stone road passes through a lavender flower field. There are retro street lights of uniform style at regular intervals on both sides of the road. In the distance are rolling hills.
A girl uses a vacuum cleaner bigger than her cat. Because the vacuum cleaner is extremely quiet, her sleeping cat is not disturbed at all.
A deserted Gothic church with a steeple piercing into the sky and broken round rose windows shining in the sunset, giving a cinematic feel.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic tomato teacher stands in the center of the picture, holding a pointer in his left hand and pointing at the blackboard behind him.
Generate a picture: Draw a glass hamburger with diamond patties on a gold plate.
Create a painting: a huge mechanical castle made of bronze and gears, sailing slowly in the sea of stars, and the overall steampunk illustration style.
A brass cube is placed on the left side of the screen. As it presses on the clay sphere below, the right side of the sphere is squeezed and deformed.
The concept design of the game character shows an anthropomorphic fire demon wearing an exquisite armor composed of dark blue ice crystals.
A chameleon is lying on a rainbow. Due to its inability to decide which color to turn into, its body is rapidly flashing with colorful light.
In the library in the evening, a young lady stood on tiptoes and tried to retrieve a book from the high bookshelf. The light of the sunset shone on her through the window.
Ancient Greek scholar Archimedes jumped excitedly from the bathtub and rushed into the street naked, in Pixar animation style.
The body of a cat is made of square building blocks, and its head is a smooth glass ball. The whole picture is in the style of children's illustration.
A mountain peak turned into a sleeping giant, carefully holding a glowing flower as small as a firefly in its huge palm.
Image generated: In the ruins, a huge combat mech knelt on one knee. It stretched out its arms and tried to lift up the damaged cleaning robot next to it, which was much smaller than it was.
A future soldier whose whole body is made of translucent blue energy, and the laser gun in his hand is also made of the same blue energy, a movie science fiction scene.
Baroque bronze sculpture, a powerful lion, its mane is more dazzling than gold, but there are no scars on its body.
In the flat illustration style, a metal gear was placed on the left plate of the scale, and one hand was placing a feather on the right plate, causing the end of the heavy gear to be slightly tilted.
Generating picture: A girl wearing a bright yellow raincoat is jumping alone in the rain. There is no smile on her face. The background is a gray street in a watercolor style.
On a wooden table, an old book is spread out in the center of the screen, a pen is placed on the page, and a cup of hot coffee is in the upper right corner of the book.
In the welcome interface of a pet management APP, a cat is lying quietly on the left side of the screen, and a dog that is more lively than a cat is wagging its tail on the right side.
A huge Victoria-style brass clock hangs still above the storm-ravaged ocean, its hands pointing to the non-existent thirteen o'clock.
Generating painting: A surrealist room with tables, chairs and vases all made of transparent stained glass.
In a clay-animated room scene, a clay figure on the left table is reaching for an apple, and an open window is on the right.
A science fiction film festival poster with a transparent glass cube containing a miniature red planet, but there are no signs of life on the surface of the planet.
In the ink painting style, a scholar in white stands on the left side of the picture. On his right is a lonely pine tree, with a lot of white background.
A kitten was afraid of the thunder outside the window, so it crawled into its owner's quilt, revealing only its two vigilant ears.
Generate a photo of a hamster in a transparent plastic ball with a stack of stacked books on the right side of the plastic ball and a wooden floor in the background.
Generating picture: A triangular piece of anthropomorphic cheese is waving a long strip of pasta as a lasso in an attempt to trap a running round tomato.
A crack cracked on the left side of a blue and white porcelain vase, so the water ran out, causing the only red rose in the vase to bow its head and wither, with petals scattered on the right side of the vase.
Please make a Cyberpunk-style three-dimensional installation: a metal heart floating in the center of the glass cube, its surface is covered with cracks, and blue neon light is constantly exuding from it.
Generating picture: A time traveler carefully stretches out his right hand and tries to pick up a glowing pocket watch from a long river of history flowing with stars.
Generating picture: A boy is floating in mid-air in the library. Several open books are also floating in front of him. The words in the books rush to his forehead like a stream.
A heart-shaped ceramic plate fell to the ground. Due to the impact, the largest piece of debris formed a crescent shape.
In the foreground is a young girl dressed in fashion, and in the background is an ancient library. She is watching the old man sorting books by the bookshelf in the distance.
Generating picture: On the playback interface of a music App, a fairy user heard a sad song. Instead of dimming, her wings emitted a rainbow of light.
Please generate a picture of a lazy orange cat slumping on a sun-filled windowsill, using a warm and healing Japanese illustration style.
Against the background of Saturn's rings, a huge cosmic dodo bird, with an asteroid in a transparent pouch on its abdomen, is curiously observing a row of glowing notes floating in front of it.
An orange cat is lounging on the sun-filled windowsill, squinting and taking a nap, its body stretches out. The background is a blurred indoor room, with a warm and healing Japanese illustration style.
On the left side of the screen is a blond man in a blue shirt, and on the right is a brunette woman in a red dress. In front of them are two kittens chasing each other.
A proud peacock, jealous of the beauty of the stained glass window next to it, arranged its tail feathers in exactly the same geometric pattern as the window.
On a smooth white marble countertop is a transparent glass kettle, and behind the kettle is a row of dark wooden cabinets.
The ancient Roman Colosseum stands quietly, with a red Fiat car parked in front of it, creating a sharp contrast between ancient and modern times.
The texture of the movie is that a hand wearing white gloves is gently rotating a huge brass gear with complex runes engraved on it.
On the left side of the picture, a parrot suddenly imitated the owner's laughter, causing the girl who was reading on the right to laugh. It was a warm illustration style.
A fantasy forest with legs. Because the original place was too dark, all the trees were taking steps and slowly migrating towards the sunny hillside in the distance.
In the Ukiyo-e style, Napoleon stands in front of Mount Fuji in meditation. There is no army behind him and a cherry blossom tree on the left.
Wearing a dragon robe, Qin Shihuang stood on the top of the Great Wall, overlooking the endless mountains and troops. His expression was majestic and the painting was in the style of China ink painting.
Generating picture: A retro sports car parked quietly at a gas station at night, neon lights reflected on the body, showing a Cyberpunk style.
The product advertising poster showed a group of rabbits wearing uniform blue overalls. Since they couldn't grab the carrot, they all showed sad expressions, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
NASA astronauts, all wearing white Apollo spacesuits, planted American flags on the surface of the moon.
The Monet-style oil painting depicts a peaceful lakeside at dusk, with several water lilies floating on the water. The afterglow of the sunset dyed the sky and the lake a gentle orange pink.
Because of the victory, a dusty ancient general was drinking heroically. The war horse beside him seemed to feel the joy and was digging its hooves excitedly.
In the sense of a diesel punk movie, Napoleon stood in front of a tall combat robot, pinning a medal on the opponent's cold metal breastplate.
Countless books erupted like volcanic lava and circled in the sky to form a huge nebula whirlpool in a surrealist style.
In an abandoned park, a ceramic telephone covered with mud was abandoned on a bench. The body was covered with cracks and quietly bathed in the afterglow of the sunset.
Generated picture: A messy wooden table, with a extinguished ashtray on the left and a crumpled manuscript paper on the right, with a cinematic ultra-realistic style.
As the gravity of the entire room is inverted, a man stands on the ceiling, water floating upward in a water cup on the table in front of him, a surrealist interior design.
A ball of flame made of liquid metal solidified at the moment of burning, and its surface showed a mirror-like luster.
Photo generated: Above the ruins of a future city, a huge, rocky statue of an ancient god looks sad and stares at the gray sky.
In the flat illustration style, a crystal deer made of geometric shapes has a small planet floating on the top of its antlers. There is no forest behind it, only a solid background.
On the majestic Great Wall, two anthropomorphic chess kings and queens are playing, with a chessboard made of bricks and stones on the wall.
In the middle of the open space of the Magic Forest, a small stream gurgled through, because a frog suddenly jumped out of the water, a frightened little rabbit knocked over the carrot basket in front of him, and in the distance was a tree stump hut.
Generated picture: A cat wearing a spacesuit is trapped in a glass jar with a huge alien octopus outside. The picture has the texture of a science fiction movie.
Generating picture: A transparent glass jar is filled with colorful candies. A little hamster is climbing up hard, trying to eat the candies.
A bronze key was inserted into the keyhole of an open magic book. As the knowledge was unlocked, the scene of a peaceful lake surrounded by mountains emerged on the page, flattening the logo.
The Cthulhu mythological style Stonehenge is composed of giant gears covered with moss, and a group of glowing deer are leaping through it.
Photo: A robotic detective made of an old-fashioned radio whose overhead antenna sparkles excitedly as it analyzes complex clues to a crime.
An e-commerce poster has an energy drink on the left side that looks like the head of the Fuxing High-speed Railway. Due to its abundant energy, the body of the can is emitting a blue halo, and the background on the right side is the blurred Fuxing High-speed Railway.
A gentleman in a top hat stood above the upside-down city. There was no ground under his feet, only a rolling sea of clouds, and several islands were floating in the distance.
Animated style, in the foreground, a row of worker ants wearing red helmets carrying breadcrumbs, and in the background, a group of bees wearing red helmets picking honey.
A man wearing a spacesuit is floating in space without a helmet and with a huge, glowing mechanical butterfly flying around him.
Generated image: A futuristic city suspended in a nebula, with buildings very similar in outline to rolling mountains, and the city is brightly lit.
In the game's character design, a star mage stands on broken floating stone steps. His robe is a flowing dark blue nebula and the background in the distance is a huge planetary ring.
In a poster with a science theme, Newton was hit by an apple falling from a tree. He fell into thought and the quill in his hand stopped.
Generated image: Between two similar pyramids on Jupiter's moon, a huge mechanical snake is winding and squeezing the body of one of the pyramids.
A steampunk style miniature castle sculpture made of used gears and brass pipes, with a mechanical butterfly parked on the stepping-spire of the castle.
Close-up shows a sophisticated robotic arm carefully placing a glowing core energy block into the central slot of a complex device, surrounded by various pipes and wires.
A screenshot of a science fiction movie shows a giant glowing jellyfish swimming in the foreground, with submerged city ruins and a small submarine in the background.
On the left side of a dark wooden table stood an old-fashioned copper telescope, and on the right was an open yellowed nautical chart with a lit kerosene lamp in the middle.
Because an astronaut missed the earth, the tears from his eyes actually gathered in a weightless environment, forming a water ball that resembled a miniature blue earth.
Generating a photo: a man was soaked by a sudden rainstorm. Instead of dodging, he opened his arms and looked up and laughed.
A rusty old robot noticed a can of oil by its feet, so it bent down hard and tried to pick it up to lubricate its squeaky joints.
A clay model of a huge Easter Island stone statue shows a tiny lizard climbing up the rough surface of the stone statue.
Image generated: an open ancient magic book with pages showing a magical forest scene with flowing magic runes.
On the success status page of a software, an anthropomorphic cartoon panda cheered and jumped because the task was completed, and the round progress bar directly below it was also filled up simultaneously, creating a flat illustration style.
Generated image: Because there is no water in the body, this anthropomorphic teapot cannot steam and is sitting sadly.
An astronaut made up of nebulae and galaxies quietly plays a crystal guitar on the rings of Saturn, in a pop art style.
Next to a huge white marble sculpture, two little boys wearing the same blue suspenders are working together to try to push the base of the sculpture.
In the city park late at night, due to the melodious music in the distance, the mushrooms on the lawn all gave off a soft light, like small night lights.
A floating magic clock, as the hands are melting, time flows out like water droplets, and a hummingbird at the lower left is trying to suck these time droplets.
Inside the helmet of the huge terracotta warriors and terracotta warriors of Qin Shihuang, a modern man wearing a spacesuit is performing Tai Chi.
Generating picture: A fantasy castle built with candies and biscuits, each window looks like a surprised face, and the overall picture presents a pixel art style.
Generating picture: A young woman sits on a bench with a sleepy Labrador on her right. She is reaching out to stroke a kitten standing on her lap, using a realistic photography style.
Please create a picture: In a transparent glass bottle, there is a small mechanical hummingbird. Due to the exhaustion of energy, the light on its wings becomes dimmer. There is a rusty key on the left side of the bottle. Steampunk style.
As a female scientist solved a problem on the blackboard, the light bulb above her head suddenly lit up, illuminating her excited face. It was a poster for a science popularization event.
The surrealist bedroom design shows a glowing whale swimming slowly in the room, its huge body almost touching the geometric walls.
An anthropomorphic cat wearing a spacesuit carefully moved forward to explore because it discovered that the planet in front of it was full of craters. The overall style was full of science fiction CG illustration.
A little hamster hid in the helmet of Qin Shihuang's terracotta warriors. Because it ate a glowing elixir, the terracotta soldier came to life and began to dance in the museum.
A boy stood in front of a bookshelf. On his left was a small green potted plant, on his right were several heavy old books, and behind him was a wall with a map of the world hanging.
A bronze sculpture depicts the moment when two foxes bite each other because they are fighting for a piece of meat. Their body muscles are tense and their posture is fierce.
Generating picture: Einstein is using a huge magnifying glass to observe his pocket watch as three glowing atomic models surround him.
A penguin wearing a doctor's uniform happily danced on the Antarctic ice because it finally solved a complex mathematical problem.
A huge brass mechanical octopus is carefully placing a miniature glowing city into a glass bottle.
Please generate a picture: a huge transparent whale crying in the clouds, its tears falling into its body, watering the floating city in its body, in a fantasy illustration style.
In the simple illustration style, a man is standing on the dock in the foreground. There are no ships on the sea behind him, only the lighthouse in the distance is shining.
Generating image: Please use Ukiyo-e style to depict the Cyberpunk Tokyo streetscape in a heavy rain, with towering buildings coexisting with ancient temples.
Generating picture: A huge transparent jellyfish floated above the boy's head. Not only was the boy not afraid, he looked up at it curiously. There was a smaller glowing planet on the left side of the jellyfish.
In the interface of a weather forecast application, the cloud icon in the center of the screen does not rain, but quietly hangs above a miniature city model in a 3D clay style.
A huge anthropomorphic mushroom house is quietly taking a nap, its umbrella cover is a cozy bedroom.
Design a T-shirt pattern: A koala playing Einstein holds chalk. Instead of writing formulas on the blackboard, it is drawing eucalyptus leaves.
On the wide lawn, a child was running forward and chasing a red balloon. Behind him was a dense forest.
An old lady was sitting in a rocking chair, holding an old yellowed letter in her hand and reading it carefully in the light by the window.
A bronze mechanical clock larger than the Egyptian pyramid has its minute hand slowly sweeping across the limestone top of the pyramid.
An ancient magic book floated in the air. After the pages were unfolded, a miniature galaxy slowly rotated and flowed out of it, with the nebula shining brightly.
In the Cyberpunk style, a semi-mechanical modified person floated in the air. He stretched out a robotic arm that shone with light, which was even more dazzling than the surrounding neon lights.
Create a picture: an ancient brass compass whose hands no longer point north because of a huge magnet placed next to it, but crazily points at the magnet.
Generated image: A huge mechanical planet is slowly approaching a dying star, extending countless metallic tentacles in an attempt to absorb the star's energy.
Van Gogh style, an ancient stone bridge composed of flowing stars, spans the universe, and the bridge exudes a soft light.
Generating picture: A koala wearing glasses is sitting. Because it cannot read the words on the book, it struggles to hold a magnifying glass with its paws.
In the marble sculpture style, although a king's chess piece is much larger than a soldier's chess piece, the king still bowed to it because it reached the bottom line.
An anthropomorphic globe, because it is curious about outer space, is standing on a bookshelf and observing the starry sky outside the window through an astronomical telescope.
Generate a painting: On the left side of the picture, a snail larger than an elephant is waving its tentacles towards a small cat on the right, using a surrealist style.
In Pixar animation style, the boy floated in the center of the bedroom with a starry sky floor. He reached out his hand and tried to touch a flying golden star in front of him.
The large installation of the Roman Colosseum in the Memphis design style is made of bright color blocks and irregular stacking of geometric shapes.
Please draw: In a game scene, there is a red square treasure chest on the left. Because it is activated by a blue circular magic circle, a green triangular portal on the right is slowly opening.
Please design a logo: a fat orange cat wearing a blue wool hat, next to it is a thin black cat wearing a pair of red glasses.
An ancient black magic book has been opened, so the burning orange flame text on the page is floating into the air, illuminating the surroundings.
A butterfly larger than an elephant was gracefully resting on the edge of a small tea cup, its wings shining like a galaxy.
A coffee advertising poster shows a koala that is usually sleepy, tapping on its laptop vigorously after drinking a cup of espresso.
An anthropomorphic crystal mushroom, wearing a Gothic dress woven of shining spider silk and dotted with dewdrops, dances in the forest under the moonlight.
Newton's prism experiment, a beam of white light passes through a prism and breaks down into a brilliant rainbow spectrum on the wall.
An advertising background image used for promoting skin care products shows the refreshing blue and white water waves blending.
In a flat-style logo, an anthropomorphic moon is reaching out to hug a star, but their bodies are not in contact with each other, and there are no sharp edges and corners in the picture.
Behind a big tree in the foreground, a fox is quietly sticking its head out. It is staring at a rabbit on the grass in the mid-range. The background is the blurred depths of the forest, with a cinematic picture.
A steampunk heart sculpture made of brass and gears, its interior is glowing with warm orange.
The surface of a bronze clock sculpture has rusted, and its hands have always stopped at three o'clock because the internal gear is stuck.
Generating picture: A huge transparent glass cube stands on the ground, with a metallic blue cone suspended inside.
In the historical scene, Newton was sitting under an apple tree when a ripe apple hit him on the head, triggering his meditation.
Generating picture: On the rock in the foreground of the picture, a fox is curled up sleeping. In the distant valley, a group of wild horses are running.
An ancient stone bridge spans the stream. Due to its age, its surface is covered with green moss.
In a three-dimensional sculpture made of clay, a plump orange cat was staring curiously at the small goldfish in the fish tank, but it did not stretch out its claws.
Generated image: A Pixar animation-style little boy carrying a five-pointed-pointed schoolbag and looking up at the sky curiously.
In the upside-down city, rainwater rises upward from the ground, wetting the soles of pedestrians floating in the air, and the picture is full of surreality.
Generating picture: An advertising picture of a perfume bottle. The bottle is carved from a complete amethyst hole. The cap is made of flowing liquid gold. The entire bottle stands on a simple white booth with a huge green banana leaf in the background.
A ballet dancer dances in an abandoned factory, sunlight shines through dilapidated windows, creating the Tyndall effect, a high-speed shutter photography style.
Photo generated: An abandoned church has been in disrepair. A large hole has been broken in the dome. The light beam cast is brighter than the light from the window. Its shape resembles a holy sword falling from the sky.
Generating picture: A witch made of glowing candies is flying in the night sky on a huge lollipop, trailing a rainbow trajectory behind her.
A cosmic giant made up of flowing nebulae and galaxies contains a working miniature solar system within his crystal transparent chest.
A penguin made of polished chrome metal is excitedly imitating Michael Jackson's moonwalk, C4D style, as it wears glowing futuristic sneakers.
A little hedgehog curled itself into a ball because it was afraid of thunder, but the spikes on its body were fired around like fireworks because of its nervousness.
In the steampunk style, an octopus in overalls is concentrating on driving a brass airship suspended above its head because it longs for the sky.
A furry orange space cat, wearing a spacesuit, suspended in the starry universe, curiously reaching out its paws to touch a glowing asteroid, Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
A chimpanzee equipped with a robotic arm that moves faster than the native arm because of the high-speed calculations required.
A clever chimpanzee is sitting behind a table. He has just unlocked a complex Luban lock and is excitedly pointing to the center of the lock.
Generating picture: A boy stands with his robot partner. The boy's body is made of shiny metal gears, and the robot's shell is softer than the boy's skin.
An exquisite crystal music box rotates slowly in the moonlight, with a glass sailboat sailing on the top of the box, in the animation style of Studio Ghibli.
On the software welcome page, a cartoon girl happily imitates a kitten stretching. Her arms stretch longer than the real kitten next to her, and the background is soft round color blocks.
During the snowstorm, a lone wolf found a lost lamb, but it did not attack. Instead, it used its body to block the wind and snow for the lamb, in BBC documentary style.
In a poster, the translucent glass square in the foreground is wrapped in a pyramid of the same material. Because the material is uniform and transparent, the internal structure is clearly visible, and the background is a huge glass sphere.
A koala wearing a spacesuit is sitting on Mount Olympus on Mars and playing a guzheng. The picture is in a strong Cyberpunk style.
On the right side of the screen, a white-haired old woman is knitting a sweater, and her granddaughter on the left is watching all this curiously, in the watercolor style.
The 3D interface of a file management application has a large folder model nearby, and many smaller file icons floating in the distance and deep.
An anthropomorphic clay alarm clock sculpture has two hands transformed into its arms, and a sleepy and helpless expression appears on the clock face.
Photo generated: An astronaut opened the mysterious Pandora's Box, causing parts of the spacecraft behind him to begin to decompose, and the nebula in front of him cast a strange look at him.
Facing a huge shadow monster, the little boy was not afraid, but reached out and handed it a glowing flower, and the monster began to become gentle.
A young father and his young son, who looked exactly alike, both wearing the same blue hoodies, sat on the sofa and played video games together.
In the foreground of the picture, a kitten looked up curiously at the window sill, where a pot of sunflowers was facing the sun outside the house.
Generated image: In the high-speed photography style, a dragonfly stops on a clock carved from crystal ice and tries to move the minute hand.
Generating image: Please draw a Cyberpunk-style picture of a petite mechanical cat emitting blue light, confronting a huge sentinel robot with red warning lights, and all the buildings behind them appear unified. Metallic texture.
An open ancient magic book has no words on its pages, but a slowly rotating deep galaxy, with countless planets shining in it.
On the catwalk of the fashion studio, a model is walking forward. She and the geometric pattern on the background wall both adopt a unified black and white color scheme.
Please design a poster: a huge crystal city model stands in the center of the picture, with a miniature detector floating next to it, which remains stationary.
Generating picture: In a clay stop-motion animation style sculpture, a robot reaches out to touch a butterfly. Because of fear, the butterfly flapped its wings and flew away.
An ancient statue of a warrior in armor suddenly came to life. It was clumsily learning to walk and staggered forward, with the texture of an animated movie.
Generating pictures: Please take a still life photo of a plump bright red apple and a withered apple placed side by side on an old wooden table.
Please draw a picture: a rusty robot suddenly hands a glowing dandelion to the little girl, and the girl's face shows an unbelievable expression of surprise, Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
Generated picture: An abandoned mechanical workshop, with a dusty workbench in the foreground, and a huge robot standing at its left rear. Tools are scattered under the robot's feet, presenting the texture of a post-apocalyptic wasteland movie.
A clever chimpanzee was carefully breaking open a walnut with a stone because he wanted to eat nuts.
There is a small shield made of bricks and stones of the Great Wall. There are continuous city walls and beacon towers on the shield, but there are no gates on the shield.
A picnic cloth spread on the grass with a basket on the cloth containing bread and Tiananmen Square in the background.
In the office, a female white-collar worker excitedly threw a stack of documents into the air because she saw the good news on the computer screen.
Please draw a picture: a little girl wearing an astronaut's helmet. The glass mask of the helmet reflects the vast starry sky, in Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
Generating picture: A huge astronaut is gently touching a mini planet the size of a marble with his fingers, with a deep universe in the background.
One hand gently pushed down the first domino, and the dominoes fell down in a chain. Just as it was about to touch the floating energy ball, the energy ball gave off a dazzling light.
A woman in a silver spacesuit stood alone on the red desert of Mars, looking out at the rising Earth in the distance.
A huge mother brown bear is looking down and sniffing at a small bear following closely at her feet as they walk along the stream.
In a cosmetics advertising booth, the packaging of the old products on the left is dull, while the new ones on the right are brighter and brighter. The outlines of all elements are uniformly outlined with thick black lines, presenting a unique pop art style.
In the center of a pure white room, a woman looked in confusion at the five clones surrounding her, with no expression on their faces.
The game monster design features a huge brown bear and a huge wild boar facing each other in the forest. They both have rough fur and sharp tusks.
In the foreground, a young mage and the elderly king on a distant high platform face off from afar, their hands shining with magical lights of different colors.
Generating picture: A metal giant beast resembling a running cheetah is galloping, which inspired a robot to stretch out its robotic hand and draw a similar cheetah in the air.
Generate a picture: There is an elephant in the center of the picture. Because it ate the glowing mushroom, its body is emitting soft starlight from the inside out. There is a curious rabbit on its left and a scared squirrel on its right.
In a retro steampunk style, the man in front of the desk was not reading because the gear of his left arm was stuck. He was looking down to inspect the robotic arm made of brass pipes. Behind him was a huge floor-to-ceiling window.
In front of the Egyptian Pyramid, a modern red sports car sits on the sand, its smooth lines contrasting sharply with the grander ancient pyramid behind it.
Please draw a fashionable girl with a huge snail slowly crawling around her, but the girl's face does not show any impatient expression.
An anthropomorphic robot made of clockwork and gears has an antique pocket watch inlaid on its chest, a small pile of books on its left and a kerosene lamp on its right.
An eagle cast in bronze, its wings are composed of precision gears, is a metal sculpture full of futurism.
In the early morning sun, lavender grows neatly on the hillside, and the shape of each plant is very similar to a purple flower.
Generating picture: In the foreground, a man is holding a red umbrella; in the distance behind him, a woman is also holding a red umbrella.
In the documentary photography style, an astronaut missed the earth, and a light rain fell in his helmet. The raindrops were brighter than the stars in outer space.
A winged flaming lion was circling in the sky. The elf archer on its back was drawing a full bow and arrow, and its entire body was gathering strength to prepare to dive.
A cute kitten in a spacesuit is taking big strides and walking proudly on the surface of the moon, with the distant Earth behind her.
Generating picture: A rusty key is inserted into a brand new lock. When the key turns, the rust falls off, revealing its golden body.
Photo generated: An astronaut had just returned from a zero-gravity environment. When he picked up a glass on the table, he could not accurately control the force and crushed it.
A detective stood in the center of the study, with a surprised expression on his face because a secret door was found on the bookshelf on the left. On the right was a fireplace, in the oil painting style.
A young female painter stood in front of a huge replica of the Mona Lisa. Her face showed a determined expression when she saw the shortcomings of her similar grass painting.
The core energy of future cities is overloaded, so building fragments above the streets are suspended in the air. The fragments are made of concrete and steel bars, and below are the glowing energy core.
A whale made up of a bright nebula occupies the upper half of the picture. Below it is a deep ocean.
Gothic stained glass art depicts two gargoyles, one with sadness and the other with joy, and the sad gargoyles are smaller than the happy one.
A miniature city made of crystals sits on a lotus leaf larger than a galaxy, emitting a soft light.
A penguin gentleman in a tuxedo stood on the ice, spreading his wings awkwardly in an attempt to maintain his balance.
In the animated movie scene, a small teacup with a bow is holding hands with the fat teapot next to it, dancing happily on the dining table.
A brand new long pencil proudly holds a short, old bald pencil in his hand, forming a sharp contrast.
Generating picture: In the center of the picture, two bookshelves made of nebulae are doing Tai Chi. They have a wardrobe of nebulae on their left and another on their right, and all entities are made of the same nebulae.
An antique clock with a broken needle. Although it has stopped moving, the shadow on the wall continues to rotate, in a surrealist style.
Please draw a picture: After Isaac Newton was hit by an apple, he didn't think about gravity. Instead, he happily picked up the apple and prepared to eat it.
In a glass bottle, a miniature astronaut was trying to push away a huge strawberry blocking the way. Due to the excessive force, a crack appeared on his helmet, but it was still filled with air.
Generating picture: Because he had just won the Go game, the old man in the courtyard was leaning against a bamboo chair with a satisfied smile on his face. The whole picture showed the style of China ink painting.
Photo generated: A dromedary camel is kneeling quietly on the sand in front of the Giza Pyramids in Egypt.
Please create a crystal sculpture: a sleeping crystal squirrel is carved inside a transparent crystal apple.
In a glass bottle, a young girl sits quietly on a swing. On her left is a glowing small tree, but there is nothing outside the bottle.
A chameleon made of colored mosaic tiles is too distressed to change color because the surrounding environment is pure white.
In a forest made of huge mushrooms, the umbrella cover of one mushroom became larger than the other next to it because of the fluorescent rain, and two elves looked at each other from afar below them.
Generating picture: In a surreal space composed of geometric lines, an astronaut is floating weightless. He is reaching out and touching a living, glowing planet next to him.
On Jupiter's frozen moon, a fox made of crystals, which is larger than an elephant on Earth, stares at the rings of Saturn.
Above the ruins of the ancient Roman Colosseum, a white dove is taking off from the top of a broken stone pillar. Directly below it, several ancient coins are scattered on the ground.
In the corridor of the future spacecraft, two similar-looking cleaning robots are working. One of them immediately showed a panicked expression on its electronic face because it detected an abnormal signal.
Generating pictures: Take pictures of three different breeds of dogs, a golden retriever, a husky and a corky, all wearing yellow raincoats, sitting side by side on the grass and looking into the distance.
Generating pictures: In animation style, the famous Rosetta stone lies quietly in the museum showcase, and the three characters on the stone stone shine in the spotlight.
Please design a logo: A volcano erupted, but it spewed out stars, so the moon reached out and caught one of them, vector art style.
In the corner of the room, an anthropomorphic alarm clock was spinning around because it failed to wake up its owner. On the floor next to it, a kitten was stretching and yawning.
Generating pictures: Please create a sculpture depicting astronaut Armstrong discovering Earth's plants on the moon, so he was surprised to remove his helmet.
Generating image: A soldier wearing futuristic armor stands next to him with a fighting robot similar to himself, raising a spherical energy shield.
Photo generated: A penguin from the Antarctic stands on a hot city street, staring in confusion at the melting ice cream on the ground because it has never seen ice that will melt.
Generating picture: A turtle is even faster than a rabbit, so it proudly wears the championship medal. The picture is in a children's illustration style.
The squirrel on the left accidentally dropped an acorn, alarming the rabbit on the right, causing it to dive headlong into the nearby bush.
A glass eco-bottle contains a miniature forest. Because it is raining inside, the color of the lid of a mushroom becomes as dark as the color of a cup of coffee on the desk outside the bottle.
An anthropomorphic brass compass waltz gracefully under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, a little girl's hat is made of a huge lotus leaf, and her clothes are dotted with sparkling fireflies.
In an abandoned alien city, countless glowing energy fruits grow on the metal branches of a giant mechanical tree.
Generating an artistic portrait photo of a man whose hair and beard are made up of burning flames, but his expression is unusually calm and his eyes are deep.
A huge metal pangolin sculpture curled up and stared down at a small metal ant sculpture in front of it.
In a Diablo Fantatic-style game character, an elf assassin does not carry a bow and arrow. She grasps a dagger burning with dark blue flames in one hand.
A square wooden tray is placed in the center of the picture. On the left side of the tray is a round white porcelain bowl containing strawberries; on the right side of the tray is a square glass.
Create a sculpture: a city carved out of crystal, and the street lights in the city are composed of burning candles.
In a retro poster style, on the left side of the picture is a man carrying a travel bag, looking at the rolling snowy mountains on the right.
An astronaut's spacesuit is woven from nebulous gas, his helmet is transparent crystal, and the Milky Way flows on his mask.
Generating picture: Afraid of thunder, a puppy got under the table, but a cat on the table did not respond to the lightning outside the window and calmly licked its paws.
A floating magic array made of liquid metal and ancient runes, with a slow-beating heart-shaped gem inlaid in the center.
Against a steampunk backdrop, a hamster in a spacesuit is arm wrestling with a mechanical octopus. The scene is intense.
Generating picture: In futuristic style, a mechanical fox with a silver metal shell stands in the front left of the picture. Far behind it stands a similar golden mechanical fox.
In the Bauhaus-style minimalist study, an architect in a casual linen suit is stretching his arms out and stretching himself, behind him a bookshelf of geometric lines.
On a dark wooden table, on the left side of the screen is a lit retro desk lamp, and on the right side are three thick old books.
Generating picture: A huge transparent whale holds a Cyberpunk city in its belly. The whale shuttles through the nebula, and several mechanical birds hover around the city.
The ancient Great Wall meanders among the mountains, and one of the beacon towers looks older and dilapidated than the other in the distance.
In the clay sculpture, there is a fat orange cat on the left and a thin chinchilla on the right. The orange cat does not pounce on the mouse, but bows its back out of fear.
Generating picture: A girl in a tutu spins lightly in the air. Her posture is similar to that of a giant tree circling next to her. Countless glowing butterflies dance around her.
An open clay treasure chest is located in the center of the picture, with a key on the right. Because of the glowing gems contained in the treasure chest, all objects made of clay are bathed in the soft light.
In the cockpit of a futuristic spacecraft, a man and a woman were wearing glowing armor, the light of which was exactly the same as the distant nebula outside the window.
Generating picture: A colorful little parrot is standing on the trunk of a huge gray elephant, and the two look at each other curiously.
Generated image: An astronaut stands on the surface of the moon, with the Apollo lunar module on his left and an American flag on his right.
Due to the long drought, the lake bed has dried up and cracked, and an abandoned small wooden boat is trapped alone in the cracked soil.
Please generate a photo: On the left side of the screen is a vigilant fox and on the right side is a scared rabbit, separated by a creek.
A giraffe wanted to explore the jungle, so the suit coat it wore was covered with green banana leaf patterns, and an explorer's hat was placed on its left.
A bronze statue of an ancient soldier running. Behind him was a broken shield and in front of him was a fallen spear.
Qin Shihuang, wearing a black dragon robe, stood on the Great Wall, looking into the distance, with a dignified expression and an epic film stills style.
Generated picture: A miniature study room, on the left side of the desk is a toppled pen container, a book is spread out in the middle, and the lamp on the right is extinguished.
Qin Shihuang was wearing a dragon robe and commanded a huge Gundam mecha in the Terracotta Warriors pit.
An astronaut made of transparent crystal is stretching out his right finger and gently lighting up the logo design of a star.
Generate a photo of an old fisherman gazing at the sea before the storm, with facial close-ups in a high-contrast black and white portrait photography style.
Next to a huge terracotta warriors sculpture stood three modern tourists wearing spacesuits, looking at the terracotta warriors curiously.
Please design a windbreaker made of liquid metal, with many butterfly-shaped neon lights flying around it, in a Cyberpunk style.
An environmentally themed poster shows a huge whale made of transparent recycled plastic bottles swimming over the city, with small streets and crowds below it.
Generating IP image: A trendy brown bear, standing on a colorful stereo and dancing hip-hop, its movements are not clumsy.
Because the flowers in the garden had been knocked down by the rain, the little girl sat sadly by the window. The golden puppy next to her was gently licking the back of her hand. The picture was in Ghibli animation style.
On a desolate red planet, an astronaut struggles to climb the legs of an abandoned giant mecha, with two moons hanging in the sky.
Generating image: A game character selection interface. Because the player has not yet unlocked it, the silhouettes of three similar characters are gray and there are no confirmation buttons on the interface.
In a logo icon and a round magnifying glass, a hand is touching a withered plant. Because of this touch, the plant has regained its vitality.
The game concept design includes a large magic portal and a small healing circle, both composed of the same floating luminous crystal, in a cartoon fantasy style.
An obsidian treasure chest inlaid with runes has a complete crystal arm protruding from the lid and snapping its fingers, but the treasure chest itself is not locked.
In a low-polygon art style, three huge floating islands float in the clouds, connected by five rainbow bridges.
Design a Tesla in-vehicle system interface with vehicle status on the left and cartoon avatars of two passengers in the personal information card on the right.
A costume design draft for a children's backpack. The main body of the backpack is a chubby penguin. Its belly is a transparent pocket containing several small fish.
A lonely busker was playing a dilapidated guitar. Because the piano was so sad that even the pigeons around him stopped looking for food, Van Gogh style.
A Beethoven wearing a spacesuit was conducting a symphony composed of meteorites on the weightless surface of the moon with a serious expression against the background of the deep universe.
An astronaut stands on the surface of the moon, behind him a transparent base made of ice and crystals.
An anthropomorphic heart-shaped red balloon is grinning. The rope it is dragging as it floats into the sky is shaped like a winding snake, in a flat illustration style.
Create a three-dimensional work of art: a set of furniture consisting of chairs, tables and desk lamps, all carved out of ice, in a distinctive Memphis design style.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic cloud mother holds her cloud baby as she looks at him gently.
Generating a picture: To accompany an article on environmental protection, three trash cans of different sizes are placed side by side in the picture. They are uniformly painted green in a simple icon style.
At a futuristic fashion design catwalk, a giant mechanical wolf walked gracefully, displaying its glittering Cyberpunk windbreaker.
Low-polygon game style, a glass whale with a miniature city inside it. It is larger than the floating spacecraft next to it and is swimming slowly.
A detective opened an antique jewelry box and found an unfamiliar bloody ring inside. His eyes instantly became vigilant.
An environmentally themed poster has a huge glass bottle containing a vibrant forest. Behind the bottle is a deserted desert. There are no animals in the picture.
Generate a flat illustrator style picture: a triangular wooden cabin is uninhabited all year round, and its roof is covered with green moss, making it very lonely.
Feeling lonely, tears composed of tea leaves flowed from a blue and white porcelain teapot in the center of the table, with similar empty cups on each side.
In a clay sculpture, the boy on the left side of the picture is smiling and wearing blue clothes; the girl on the right side has a sad expression and wearing pink clothes.
A time traveler meets his future self, and his old face is engraved with stories of adventures that the other person has not yet experienced.
Pixar animation style, an anthropomorphic toaster wearing a blue apron, smiling proudly, just popping a piece of golden toast from its body.
Under the sunset, an elephant rolled up a branch with its trunk and handed it to the little elephant next to it. It was a documentary and movie feel.
Generated image: In a dimly lit room full of Cyberpunk style, a man wearing a glowing mecha sits on a throne in the center of the room, with a holographic projection globe to his left.
A detective was carefully inspecting the crime scene when he discovered key clues and pointed in surprise to a strand of hair on the ground, pop art style.
In the corner of the living room full of Nordic minimalist style, a Ragdoll cat is lying lazily on the plush carpet, completely relaxed and in a sleepy state.
Please draw a picture of a kitten curled up in an open rucksack with a wool ball next to it, soft illustration style.
Generating picture: Design a dress for a penguin dancing ballet. The skirt of the dress should show the translucent texture and shape of a jellyfish, and the overall Gothic style.
In winter, the lake is frozen like a mirror, so the pine trees covered with snow on the shore cast a clear reflection on the ice.
A pair of twin brothers with very similar looks, wearing the same dark suit, stood side by side in front of the mirror in the same posture, with no expression on their faces.
In the animated movie scene, a similar-looking key is placed next to an ancient scroll. Both the scroll and the key are engraved with the same mysterious glowing symbols.
On the bridge of the abandoned space station, a bio-human stared at the broken porthole, the sadness on its metal face deeper than the human captain next to it.
The Egyptian Pyramids and Sphinx under the sunset are rare with tourists, and a team of camels pass by in warm colors.
Generated image: A whale made of a nebula is swimming slowly through the universe, gazing at a lonely, burning star in the distance.
In the center of the picture, an astronaut composed of streamers reaches out and touches a similar transparent planet on the left, and another one floating on the right, in the Cyberpunk style.
A futuristic reading room has a flowing texture of liquid metal on the walls, and chandeliers carved from rough rock hang from the ceiling.
In a city made of huge books, because of the rain of ink, there are no pedestrians on the streets, only paper boats floating on the ink river.
An Akita dog sits quietly next to the statue of a Hachiu dog in Shibuya, Tokyo, as if waiting for its owner to return, surrounded by passers-by.
A promotional poster with the theme of animal protection shows a cheetah not running on the grassland, but quietly curled up in a corner with sad eyes.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, an anthropomorphic cactus wearing a suit is adjusting its bow tie with his hands, smiling.
In the film noir style, the detective stared out the window of the dark office at the heavy rain. He looked serious and did not have a lit cigarette in his hand.
Generated image: In a huge glass greenhouse, all the flowers are blue, and a few white butterflies dance among the flowers.
In the studio, a painter posed in a similar contemplative posture to the self-portrait in the painting, but he frowned because he was not satisfied with the color of his painting.
On a wooden bookshelf, a pot of small green plants is placed in front of a row of thick books, with a blank photo frame leaning against the right side of the book.
Generating picture: A cartoon brown bear has a transparent glass jar in its belly containing many shining stars.
A red fire hydrant was knocked down to the ground. Due to the huge water pressure, a water column gushed out of its breach. In front of it, a yellow raincoat floated on the stagnant water.
Generated image: An orange cat in a spacesuit awkwardly chases a red laser spot in a weightless space capsule in a DreamWorks animation style.
On the left side of the screen, a time restorer reaches out his right hand, gently touches and repairs a broken floating clock on the right side of the screen with his fingertips.
Surrealist painting shows that in a crystal city, skyscrapers are like huge frozen waterfalls, and a small person is struggling to climb upwards.
In pop art style, the Statue of Liberty wears a pair of fashionable red sunglasses and a sly smile on its face.
Please design a poster for the Animal Protection Society with a pure white polar bear cub walking carefully on the ice.
A three-dimensional model of the scene carved out of wood depicts a fox quietly leaping from behind the bushes and pouncing on a startled rabbit deep in the forest.
An astronaut walks carefully on the surface of a sky city made of giant jelly that is slowly melting, with still clouds of clouds below.
Generating picture: A pair of similar twin brothers, because the younger brother fell on the right side of the picture, the older brother on the left hurriedly ran over to help him up.
The playback interface of a music APP has a depressed female singer on the cover of a round album, but no songs are selected on the playlist.
In National Geographic style, a huge adult polar bear is followed by a small cub, which together form a picture of walking on the ice sheet.
A Masai warrior wearing traditional red costumes and holding a spear stands alone on Kenya's vast grasslands.
Design an environmentally themed poster: Because the river has returned to clarity, the dead trees on both sides of the river bank have re-grown tender green leaves. All elements in the picture adopt a unified paper-cutting artistic style.
Generating a costume design: A model wears a long dress woven from nebulae and aurora. The skirt is dotted with tiny diamonds as stars, full of a dreamy sense of the universe.
A photographic work with a retro film texture, with a lonely park bench in the foreground, several deciduous trees in the middle, and the outline of the city in the fog in the distance.
There are two puppies on the lawn, one behind the other. They both look at the butterflies flying in front of them with curiosity.
A penguin is in a glass ball filled with snow. Because of this cold environment, it is safely in the hot Amazon rainforest.
In the ruins of a library on a forgotten planet, huge glowing plants wrap around metal bookshelves, and many translucent holographic books float in the air.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic fox is wearing a detective hat and holding a magnifying glass to carefully examine the footprints on the ground because he has just finished reading a detective novel. It is retro illustration style.
In a library scene made of huge books, the pages form the walls, the turned back spines form the roof, and chandeliers in the shape of inkbottles hang from the ceiling.
In the Ukiyo-e style, in the quiet pond, a dragonfly flew too low and startled a red koi that jumped out of the water to catch it.
A snow-white Persian cat is lying lazily on a crimson velvet sofa. The sun shines on it through the window, forming a warm spot in the style of National Geographic photography.
Late at night on the rooftop of the city, a huge whale is swimming slowly in the air. Below it, a group of glowing jellyfish forms a spiral-shaped staircase leading to the whale's back.
The modern and minimalist living room interior design has a Siamese cat lying on the beige sofa on the left side of the picture, and a golden retriever lying on the round carpet on the right side.
An anthropomorphic king chess piece, angry because it was about to be checkmated, stretched out its arm and pushed down the queen chess piece opposite it, in a surrealist photography style.
There are three red squares on the left side of the table. Because the square in the middle fell, it presses the square next to it on the right.
A mechanical fox walking on the Cyberpunk-style Great Wall stopped warily because its electronic eye scanned abnormal energy.
The ancient library was empty late at night, but an open magic book on the table glowed because it sensed the incantation in the distance. The entire scene was in the style of oil painting.
A huge whale made up of countless glowing butterflies. The whale's head is on the left side of the picture and its tail is on the right side. The background is the starry night sky.
A loyal hound was lying in front of its owner's tombstone with sad eyes. Behind it was a bleak autumn forest, with fallen leaves covering the ground.
In the bright cosmetics advertisement, three surprised models had crystal clear and shimmering crystal flowers growing on their cheeks.
An old woman wearing presbyopic glasses with a kind smile on her face is gently stroking an old photo album with wrinkled hands, warm retro film style.
A anthropomorphic Statue of Liberty, holding not a torch in its hand, but a cup of steaming coffee, looks out at dusk in New York City.
Deep in the universe, Saturn's halo is composed of countless glowing neon books, slowly rotating around the planet, with Cyberpunk aesthetics.
Generate a picture: Please draw a bookshelf. In one shelf, three hamsters are lying side by side. They are all wearing the same little red hats, in a cartoon illustration style.
Generating picture: A confused astronaut is standing on top of a huge mushroom behind a forest of glowing crystals suspended in the sky.
In the center of the abandoned space station, an anthropomorphic cleaning robot hangs. It does not clean, but instead looks up at the mysterious blue planet above, which is larger than the cockpit.
On a rainy night street in a cyberpunk-style style, two similar-looking robots, one flashing soft blue light, and the other emitting a dangerous red warning light.
Generating picture: An astronaut with butterfly wings is floating in space. He is waving his arms and directing several surrounding asteroids to orbit him in specific orbits.
Please make a clay sculpture: a hippopotamus smaller than a teacup, trying to do a balance beam on a huge banana like a gymnast.
In a city built of abandoned gears, all the buildings began to rotate slowly and accurately because the huge clockwork in the center was tightened.
Generated picture: A huge bronze alarm clock hangs in the middle of the Sahara Desert, its hands rotating rapidly counterclockwise, and the picture takes on a surrealist art photography style.
In the watercolor painting style, a bouquet of dying roses is placed in a glass vase. Due to lack of water, a petal is falling from the front of the vase on the dark wooden table.
Generating picture: A huge floating island with a similar island next to it. The robot on the island is raising its arm and waving at it.
In a futuristic weightless library, three huge cubic bookshelves are floating in the air, with countless spiral paper books floating between them.
In a science fiction movie, a corki spaniel is lying on top of the Mars rover. Because gravity decreases, its ears stand higher than on Earth.
Please create a scene: a miniature urban landscape made of clay, with rivers flowing in the city, but no pedestrians on the streets.
Please create a picture: a library floating in the universe, with the books flowing out in a galaxy, in a surrealist style.
Generating a photo: After extinguishing the fire, a firefighter sat tiredly on the ground, his face mixed with ash and sweat, but he showed a gratified smile.
Please generate a picture: an old-fashioned anthropomorphic camera standing on a desk, curiously aiming its lens at the pen because it sees a pen taller than it, with a blurred bookshelf in the background.
Wasteland science fiction style, a lonely anthropomorphic trash can robot, in order to relieve loneliness, uses waste to cultivate a shimmering mechanical flower on top of its head.
Generating picture: An exquisite ceramic teapot is placed in the foreground, with a brass candlestick behind it, and fuzzy bookshelves in the distance.
Generating picture: A humanoid robot uses a confused expression to compare its round body with a triangular spacecraft taller than it, and awkwardly imitates the spacecraft's posture.
Please design a loading interface for a language learning App. The protagonist is a multi-country owl. The progress bar icon next to it is smaller than its eyes. The overall illustration style is flat.
In the tranquil forest after the storm, the sun shines through the clouds and the ground is moist, but there are no traces of animals. It has an oil painting texture.
In an abandoned factory warehouse, a beam of moonlight shone through a broken roof skylight, illuminating a lonely chair in the center of the ground.
On the left side of the spacecraft's control room, a genetically modified orange raccoon cat stared at the floating light ball on the right, projecting a three-dimensional image of itself onto the light ball.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a huge panda stands in Paris. It is taller than the Eiffel Tower next to it.
A picture is generated. The body of a cat is made of transparent glass. You can clearly see the gorgeous galaxy flowing in its body, full of a sense of future technology.
Photo generated: A small cargo spacecraft exploded due to overloaded engines, causing it to drift uncontrollably towards a giant red gas planet.
In a transparent round glass fish tank, a red goldfish is swimming quietly. The bottom of the fish tank is covered with a layer of white pebbles.
An old-fashioned robot detective was holding out his metal finger and carefully picking it up for analysis because it had found an unfamiliar button in the dust.
A huge brown bear was climbing a tree clumsily. The little squirrel at the top of the tree was much more flexible than it was. It jumped easily between branches.
Generating picture: A woman wearing a brown leather jacket does not look at the camera, but looks up at an eagle of the same color in the sky with sharp eyes and a photographic style.
In a dark corner, an anthropomorphic cello sits slumped with a sad human face, the bow is broken on the floor, and the contrast between chiaroscuro and the oil painting style is strong.
In a three-dimensional scene in a low-polygon style, an abandoned stone statue was already covered with lush vines and flowers because no one cared about it.
The older sister of the twin princesses had just put on the crown, so she smiled happily, while the younger sister behind her showed a dissatisfied expression because of jealousy.
In the exhibition hall of the Space Museum, a huge model of the earth hangs under the ceiling. Because it simulates night, the area of the model representing the city is littered with tiny lights, much larger than the model of the moon next to it.
Create an art installation: a castle carved out of ice. Due to the continuous illumination of the spotlight, the steeple of the castle has melted, forming a pool of water stains around the base.
A huge hourglass made of rough bronze, in which not sand flows but bright stars flow, in a Cyberpunk style.
A little fox with crystal skin is curled up in a huge, translucent glowing flower bud and is sleeping peacefully.
Generating picture: A red panda is holding a bamboo, but it is not eating. It just sleeps quietly against the bamboo.
In a Gothic-style illustration, in a glass enclosure, a crow wearing a monocle is looking outside with disdain. Its wings are made of precision brass gears.
Create a clay sculpture: An anthropomorphic alarm clock is running in panic because it overslept, its dial is covered with sweat.
A person's thoughts turn into colorful butterflies that fly out from the top of his head and towards an open book.
In the movie footage, a snow leopard is lurking below a cliff, but because the gravel above its head rolls down, it gives up chasing the distant argali sheep and looks up warily in a realistic style.
Although my brother's snowman was taller, my sister was not unhappy at all. Instead, she smiled proudly because her little snowman had a carrot nose.
Generating picture: A cyberpunk-style mechanical dog does not chase a butterfly next to it that is much more fragile than it, but instead causes the system to have a blue screen due to logical conflicts.
An alien city made up of countless glowing cube data blocks, the overall outline of the city looks like a huge human brain.
Please draw a picture of a man wearing a sweater with the same color and texture as the wooden bookshelf next to him sitting on a velvet sofa in a Nordic minimalist room, but without any decoration on the wall.
The logo of a librarian. She stood on a huge open book as if she were standing in a valley, with a minimalist line art.
A cactus made of wool, a sun made of wool, and a tea cup made of wool are full of warm handmade texture.
On a steampunk sky island, below a huge brass clock, a group of glowing mechanical butterflies are dancing around the waterfall.
A girl in Cyberpunk costumes is squatting on the edge of a floating city, with towering buildings in front of her and glowing clouds below.
Create a crystal sculpture: the queen sits on a throne, which contains a miniature city, but has no guards behind her.
An ancient magic book floated in the center of the study. A miniature forest grew on the open pages. There was a glowing wooden cabin deep in the forest.
In the coral reef, a glowing jellyfish, a glowing seahorse and a glowing turtle are swimming together, their bodies exuding a soft neon glow.
A detailed page design for a food App shows a French chef wearing a chef's hat proudly displaying his freshly cooked Peking duck. The interface uses bright warm colors and a food photography style.
Please draw a personified sun. Because it is in a bad mood today, dark clouds cover its face, and the sky starts to rain.
An old man and a portrait of his youth are hung side by side on the wall. The characters in the two paintings have very similar faces, but they have very different looks, with a surrealist style.
Generated image: A wizard stands at the forefront of a floating island. Behind him are continuous clouds of clouds and another floating island, presenting a fantasy CG art.
There is a diamond-shaped embroidery pattern on the chest of a hoodie, and a baby panda sleeping is lying quietly inside the pattern.
Generate a photographic work: On the top of a dark wooden desk, a brass desk lamp on the left and a white ceramic cup on the right.
Under Newton's apple tree, a squirrel wearing a spacesuit is using a glowing carrot to pry the earth, in a pop art style.
In the studio, under the spotlight, an anthropomorphic ceramic teapot bows gracefully in the foreground of the picture. A little further behind it, an anthropomorphic tea cup covers its mouth shyly.
Generating picture: A city model built of building blocks. Because one building block was withdrawn, the entire city suffered a chain collapse, in a steampunk style.
Please generate a picture: In the futuristic minimalist living room, a male designer is taller than the female designer next to him, sliding his fingers on a holographic screen suspended in the air.
A lonely traveler whose cloak is made up of countless flickering purple fireflies shimmering in the dark forest.
Please generate a picture: a shy anthropomorphic mushroom in the foreground, much smaller than the laughing mushroom behind it, Pixar animation style.
Please create a clay sculpture, a koala from Australia, not sleeping, but drinking a cup of coffee in front of the Egyptian pyramids.
Generate an IP character design: Japanese Q printmaking style, a shy magic girl is in the lower right corner of the screen, and a glowing magic book is floating in her upper left corner.
Photo generated: A young backpacker is sitting on the edge of a cliff on the top of the mountain, with a hiking bag on his right and a fox looking curiously on his left, taking a long shot.
A Memphis style sculpture, an anthropomorphic geometry, the body of which is made up of multiple brightly colored wooden blocks.
A retro Art Deco poster and an alarm clock with slender legs are gracefully tiptoeing on the stage and dancing ballet.
In the Louvre, a tourist stands on the left side of the Mona Lisa painting, which is hung on the wall in an elaborate frame.
A huge square iceberg, which is melting smaller and smaller due to global warming, shows a sad expression and looks at its own mutilated reflection in the water.
In the futuristic control room, scientist Albert Einstein stretched out his finger and touched two identical, soft energy cubes in front of him.
Isaac Newton saw a golden apple falling from a tree. He did not think about gravity, but instead showed a puzzled expression because of the color of the apple.
Please generate a surrealist photo: On the left side of the screen, an anthropomorphic square clock melts due to the passage of time, and on the right side are the gear parts flowing down it.
Memphis-style poster, the astronaut on the right reaches out to touch the Egyptian pharaoh on the left, and they float together in an abstract universe made up of geometric color blocks.
Photo generated: An ancient Roman Colosseum made up of countless abandoned gears and clock parts. Due to its age, some parts have corroded and peeled off.
A simple brown bear, covered with hard rock grains, sat by the stream and quietly fished.
Generating picture: A brown bear's entire body was dyed golden yellow due to its gluttony of honey, and there were still a few drops on its face, Pixar animation style.
Generated image: An excited girl and a tired boy standing side by side, her height is significantly shorter than him, in a documentary portrait photography style.
There were freshly drawn sketches on the designer's desk, so the model next to him still had only semi-finished products, and the ground was littered with cut fabrics.
At the fashion show in front of the Egyptian Pyramid, a model was dressed in gorgeous Chinese clothes, but she did not have makeup on her face. On the left side of the catwalk was the photographer and on the right side was the audience.
A retro clock made of transparent glass gears, so the internal structure is clearly visible, but its hands are not made of glass.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, on the left side of the picture, a panda wearing a huge and heavy diving helmet is not eating bamboo, but is looking curiously at the glowing flowers on the right.
In the animated movie footage, a group of penguin agents, all wearing black suits and sunglasses, were strutting forward on the glacier.
Designing a scene diagram of an office pantry. Because the coffee machine was broken, an employee was using a hand-cranked bean grinder to grind coffee beans.
A crystal apple at the top of a Leaning Tower of Pisa made of glass was about to roll down due to the tilt of the tower when it was caught by a huge stone hand protruding from the clouds.
In a minimalist ad full of technology, a woman in a white dress stands on the left side of the screen, smiling and gazing at a single white wireless headset floating in front of the right.
On a retro wooden table, a plate of freshly baked apple pie exudes steam, with an open book next to it, with a warm and healing Japanese photography style.
In the surrealist oil painting style, an astronaut whose body is made of nebula is reaching out to touch a melting glass apple floating in the air. In the distance is the deep cosmic background.
A mechanical panda wearing Cyberpunk-style armor made of black metal and decorated with glowing neon blue lines.
A glass fell because it tilted, and the water inside was soaking the pages of an open book.
A snow-white Samoyed dog, because it had just run through a muddy red land, its four claws and the white hair on its abdomen were stained with red soil. It felt realistic and cinematic.
In Paris at night, the Eiffel Tower is brightly lit, and its reflection gently swings on the Seine River, in the Ukiyo-e style.
In Cyberpunk style, an old-fashioned anthropomorphic cash register passed the Turing test and showed a sad expression on its display for the first time.
In the center of the picture is a girl in a red dress. On her left is a tall man, on her right is a lush green tree, and in the foreground are several small white flowers.
A lazy orange cat is sleeping on the window sill in the afternoon, with warm colors and a fresh Japanese photography style.
A gardener is pruning shrubs in his yard when in front of him are five green bushes carefully trimmed into the shape of rabbits.
In the surrealist photography style, a miniature astronaut is trapped in a glass bottle, tapping his hand on the wall of the bottle in an attempt to attract attention.
Please picture Einstein in his study, with an explosion-headed doll with a haircut similar to his on the table, and the bookshelf behind him is piled with books.
A miniature toy car is parked in a huge real parking space. Because of the rain, a puddle of water has accumulated in front of the car, making it look like it is parked by a lake.
In Disney animation style, an ancient clock hangs on the wall, its hands are reversing rapidly, surrounded by fragments of time.
Generating picture: A huge elephant and a small rabbit stand side by side to visually compare the disparity in size between them.
There is a huge Egyptian pyramid floating in the sky, with three holes broken in the bottom and rocks pouring down from them like a waterfall.
Generating a picture: Please draw a surrealist painting, a doll made of ceramics with a weird smile on his face, gently touching a water drop floating in front of him with your fingers.
The winding Great Wall is transformed into a glowing blue circuit board, and the mountains below it are also composed of unified digital lines, forming a technology-themed logo.
Generating picture: An explorer drank magic spring water, so his hair and eyes turned bright gold, showing a cinematic realistic style.
Generating a picture: Please draw a scene. The nebula in the starry sky and the corals in the deep sea both show similar luminescent neural network shapes, and the overall Cyberpunk art.
A huge blue cube is on the left, next to a small red sphere, which presents a uniform shiny, clay-animated style because they are all made of smooth glass.
The astronaut wearing a glass fish tank was floating weightlessly in the air in the library. On the desk in the foreground, a goldfish was staring at him.
Due to the extremely hot weather, a cactus in the desert actually bloomed ice-crystal flowers, bringing a touch of coolness to the hot environment.
A punk girl with pink hair wearing a black leather jacket with metal rivets, with a robot dog in front of her and a graffiti wall behind her.
In Leonardo da Vinci's studio, a mechanically modified Corgi is scanning Vitruvian manuscripts with a laser eye, full of steampunk atmosphere.
On a wooden desk, an apple is placed on top of a stack of books, and a white ceramic vase is placed in front of the books.
Generating picture: Describing a panoramic view of the interior of the Colosseum ruins in ancient Rome, sunlight shines through the broken vault gap, illuminating the complex underground passage structure below.
A little boy looked up at a huge plaster statue. Because he found it full of cracks, he took out a Band-Aid and wanted to repair the wounds on it.
Please generate a picture: An old man is carving a huge cubic cloud. The tool in his hand is a beam of frozen moonlight.
A cartoon-style boy breaks dancing in a glass mimicry music player floating window, maintaining this unified design sense of interface elements and background.
Generating image: Please draw a group of penguins dressed in ancient Roman legions armor, marching in line on the Antarctic glacier, showing a Pixar animation style.
Please design a logo: a flat-style astronaut standing on top of a cubic planet, with a giant planet behind him.
At the top of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, there is a huge crystal apple suspended. The inside of the apple is a starry sky, and there are several clouds made of cotton floating below the apple.
In the Ukiyo-e style, Einstein, wearing a samurai bun, held a tea cup containing a miniature galaxy, but he did not look down.
Street photography shows a man in a suit running in the rain. He did not hold an umbrella, but he had a relieved smile on his face.
Because he saw the fallen books on the left bookshelf, the little boy on the right was startled and leaned back in a comic style.
Generated picture: An ancient nautical compass is placed on a yellowed map with a quill in the corner. Please present it in a retro parchment style.
Inside the huge glass eco-dome, a futuristic city is brightly lit. A huge holographic earth projection hangs in the center of the city.
In the deep sea, countless glowing small fish gather to form a huge jellyfish. On the left side of the picture, its tentacles are gently resting on the bow of an ancient shipwreck on the right side.
Generating pictures: Because she felt that the traditional layout was too boring, a woman did not place the bookshelf against the wall. Instead, she was trying to push it to the center of the living room as a partition, in a flat illustration style.
A close-up of a woman's side face made of smooth blue and white porcelain, with an ink-stained background and a minimalist poster.
A terracotta warriors of Qin Shihuang wearing a spacesuit, holding a laser spear, stands in the red desert of Mars.
A tiny space probe is approaching the giant Jupiter, its trajectory is significantly curved due to its strong gravity.
A giant made of nebulae is carefully twirling the orbit of the planet with its glowing fingers, as if playing a silent symphony of the universe.
Generated picture: Two rusty robots are placed side by side in the abandoned factory. One is larger and more complex than the other, and the overall realistic style is cinematic.
A soldier carefully climbs the metal shell of a huge alien spacecraft that has crashed into the ruins of the city.
A woman with skin like delicate cracked white porcelain stood in the foreground. Behind her, there was a withered forest in the distance, and several red maple leaves were scattered at her feet.
Inside the magnificent ancient Roman Colosseum, sunlight shines through the broken vault, illuminating the mossy stone steps and the central sand.
Please create a clay sculpture: a girl and the robot next to her, their bodies are made of shiny blue metal, in a futuristic style.
In the ink painting style, a giant panda is not eating bamboo, but is clumsily imitating kung fu movements with a focused expression.
Please create a work: On the white booth of the art museum, a running buck made of countless white butterfly specimens, closely connected among the butterflies.
A little boy built a huge sandcastle on the beach. He was standing proudly next to it, admiring his masterpiece.
Deep in the alien jungle, the metal shell of a crashed spacecraft is slowly eroded and covered by strange vines emitting blue light.
In the game character design, an elf mage stands on a floating rune stone, and the hem of her gorgeous robe is composed of flowing nebulae and magical light.
An abandoned industrial city is shrouded in dense fog, with rusty pipes and dilapidated buildings looming, with a strong doomsday wasteland movie texture.
Generated picture: An open wooden music box with a ballerina standing on the left and a miniature merry-go-round on the right.
A white-haired elf with butterfly-shaped translucent light wings danced lightly in the air, surrounded by flying golden particles, in a fantasy artistic style.
A little fox ate the glowing mushrooms in the forest, causing its own fur to begin to emit a soft glow, Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
A huge astronaut is floating in space, with the earth in his upper left corner and the moon in his lower right corner.
Inside an abandoned magic tower, dusty bookshelves were askew, and a crystal ball on the shelf was flashing with an unstable red light.
A young man and his pet golden retriever sat side by side on a park bench and looked into the distance together. The picture was in a warm and healing Japanese illustration style.
A tall modern skyscraper stands next to low-rise traditional houses, with a sharp contrast between the old and the new, and an ultra-wide-angle lens.
Photo generated: A statue of an ancient general cast in bronze. He did not hold a weapon, but lowered his head in meditation, with a solemn expression.
A strange forest made of huge colored gears, all triangular leaves are in a slowly rotating stationary state.
Although the shell of a broken crystal clock sculpture has cracked, the hands have not stopped, as if guarding a frozen period of time.
In the minimalist illustration style, on the peaceful blue lake, a small white sailboat is located in the center of the picture. In the distance of the lake are the continuous Dai Mountains.
In an abandoned steampunk style city, as the core energy clock tower stopped operating, the sky was no longer covered by gear clouds, revealing the long-lost bright starry sky.
In the Cyberpunk-style picture, inventor Leonardo da Vinci stretches out his robotic hand and a bionic hummingbird is hovering above his fingertips, sucking energy fluid.
A huge orbiting space station surrounds a red gas giant planet, with many small shuttles docked on its outer shell.
In an exquisite clay miniature scene, because the yellow light bulb in the center of the room suddenly went out, the timid little blue monster in the corner was suspended in the air, at a loss.
In documentary photography style, a little fox discovered a bird's nest in a tree hole, but because it was too high to reach, it had to look up anxiously under the tree.
Generating picture: Draw a watercolor style night view of the Thames River in London. In the picture, an ancient tower bridge is more magnificent than the modern buildings in the distance. The windows of all buildings on both sides of the river bank are lit with uniform warm yellow lights.
At a futuristic fashion show, because the catwalk is composed of streamers, the Cyberpunk costumes on the models also show a unified, flowing neon light effect.
In the evening, under the corner tower of the Forbidden City, because it saw its own reflection in the water, a wild cat curiously stretched out its claws and tried to touch its other self on the water.
A square brass alarm clock melted because it could not withstand the passage of time, and the numbers on the clock face were distorted and dropped to the ground.
In the flat illustration style, an anthropomorphic Mr. Moon is tipping a jar of stars below him, spreading it across the dark blue night sky.
A detective looked overjoyed because he had found a key clue. His whole person was in a state of trembling with excitement, in the style of a black and white film.
In the deep universe, countless crystal clear butterflies slowly flap their wings, and their flight trajectories gather into a huge, rotating nebula whirlpool.
An ancient Egyptian pyramid has been transformed into a steampunk style aircraft. Brass pipes and huge gears cover the sand-yellow tower body, and thick steam is spewing out from the bottom.
Generated image: A giant is sitting on the top of a mountain, holding a small village in his palm, with a gentle expression and clouds surrounding the sky.
A gorgeous Baroque fountain sculpture, the lion's head statue in the center is grinning and showing a funny and exaggerated smile.
Generating picture: A sad empty teapot, with steam no longer coming out of the spout because it has no water; next to it is a happy teacup, the heat from the spout is like a cloud.
Professional wildlife photography shows a dead leaf butterfly quietly parked among the fallen leaves in autumn. The shape and color of its wings are almost identical to the dead leaves around it.
On a dark wooden table, a glowing future data box sits next to an open ancient parchment book, with movie-quality quality.
Please generate a painting: an anthropomorphic crystal trophy containing a floating miniature city inside. It is in the center of the picture, looking up at the paper airplane flying over from the upper right corner of the picture, flattening the illustration style.
Pixar style, a tiny anthropomorphic mushroom, stands in front of a huge moss, with a crystal drop of water behind it.
Generating picture: Albert Einstein stands in front of a blackboard on which he has just written the famous mass-energy equation E=mc.
Cyberpunk style, a futuristic city suspended in the sky. There are three giant buildings shaped like lotus flowers in the center of the city. Below the buildings are dense neon billboards similar to the Shanghai Bund.
A man made of starlight is trapped in a huge crystal ball. As he struggles hard, flowing stars emerge on the wall of the ball, in a surrealist style.
Generating picture: A boy opens his birthday gift box with great expectation and finds that it is just a boring mathematics book. The smile on his face instantly froze and turned into a disappointed expression.
In Cyberpunk style, a girl's pupils are shaped like camera shutters, she has a robotic arm made of neon tubes, no waves in her eyes, and her short hair is like a silver waterfall.
A steampunk anthropomorphic compass has lost its magnetism and cannot point north. Its brass face shows a very confused expression.
Generating a photographic work: Because of a heavy rain, a shallow puddle on the ground clearly reflected the entire gorgeous starry sky.
In an exquisite clay sculpture, a humanoid fox wearing a vest and shorts was hunched back, ready to pounce on a butterfly in the grass in front of it.
In a steampunk, Victoria laboratory, two huge glass jellyfish are suspended in the air, with precise brass gears rotating slowly within their transparent bodies.
A gentle mother is bending down and carefully tidying her little daughter's hair that has been messed up by the wind, her eyes full of love.
An anthropomorphic programmer composed of glowing data streams, whose body is flashing and dimming due to code overload, lies helplessly on the future city desk made of neon lights.
A huge whale carved from white clouds, carrying a small and exquisite crystal city on its back, floated in the air.
In the future laboratory, a white-robed scientist is floating in front of him. He is waving his hands to control it remotely. Behind and above him, several similar-looking silver floating robots were waiting for orders.
An anthropomorphic chess king stands alone in the center of the chessboard, sad for his defeat, looking down at the remains of his companions scattered under the chessboard.
On a rainy night on a street corner in the city, there is a lonely red telephone booth. The rain beads on the glass reflect neon lights, and it has a film texture.
A city made of huge books, because people are reading late at night, its windows are shining with warm and bright light.
On the golden beach, there are two colored parasols side by side in the foreground. There are three sailboats sailing on the sea in the distance, photographed with a telephoto lens.
A huge alien mothership hangs in the center of the picture. Below it is a dense group of small fighter jets, and there is a broken red planet in the upper left corner.
Generating picture: In the center of the picture, a female scientist wearing a futuristic spacesuit is standing. On her left is a strange alien plant floating in the air, and on her right is a holographic operating interface.
Impressionist oil painting, in a glass greenhouse, there are five pots of blooming orchids, and the sun shines through the glass to shed mottled light and shadow.
Ice cubes and lemon slices slowly float in crystal clear soda water, with soft gradient colors on the background. E-commerce poster, C4D style.
Generated image: An astronaut made of starlight is reaching out with a translucent hand and gently touching a crystal-like miniature planet.
Generate a design poster: A huge hand is pushing a small tree seedling into the cracked dry land. Because of the vitality of the seedling, green buds are beginning to grow in the surrounding cracks.
Please generate a photo: an anthropomorphic old book, covered with dust because no one has read it for too long, standing quietly in a forgotten corner of the bookshelf.
Please take a photo: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a clever chimpanzee is wearing presbyopic glasses and carefully assembling a Rubik's Cube with his hands.
At the futuristic fashion show, the model stood still in the center of the catwalk, and the shape of her skirt was similar to the shape of the holographic butterfly flying above.
Due to damage to the time machine, a female explorer was trapped in place, her body in a translucent, stagnant state.
Please design a flat logo: An astronaut realized the true meaning of loneliness in the universe, so his helmet is filled with bright stars.
A steampunk style gramophone with intertwined brass gears and precision pipes, and a huge bell mouth made of red copper.
In the luxurious living room, heavy marble tea tables fell to the ground, and fragments of expensive crystal wine glasses were scattered to the side, implying a sudden battle.
Photo generated: A firefighter covered in smoke stands in front of the ruins of the fire scene, smiling tirelessly because of the safe kitten in his arms, which is film-level realism.
An ancient wooden box was inlaid with a transparent crystal lock. As the light ball in the lock was dimming, the magic vines wrapped around the box began to wither.
When an anthropomorphic street lamp saw someone passing by, it did not shine brighter. Instead, it gathered the light and became dimmer because of shyness.
An acorn suddenly fell from the tree, and a frightened little squirrel dropped the nuts in its arms and quickly hid in the tree hole behind it.
In the cafe at dusk, a hand is reaching for the coffee cup on the table. Next to the cup is an open book. Outside the window is a hazy street view.
In Cyberpunk style, a humanoid robot cracked the holographic code lock, so the energy barrier in front dissipated.
In the Art Deco style catwalk, two models passed by. Their faces had no expression, and the geometric patterns on their bodies echoed the lines of the background building.
In the dimly lit kitchen, one hand was carefully carrying out a little cat that was quietly napping from a half-open carton. Below the carton was the cold tiled floor.
Design a logo: three stick figure figures with a unified style, with the two characters on the left facing the one on the right and waving to each other.
Generated image: Steampunk style, portrait of Abraham Lincoln with a precision brass clock in motion set on his top hat and a map of the United States made of gears in the background.
In a fantasy forest made of huge candies and biscuits, a little boy in bib pants is trying to climb a chocolate mountain with marshmallow clouds floating around, the overall style of childhood illustration.
In the Cyberpunk style, in the foreground of a damp neon street, an Egyptian cat with glowing mechanical eyes squatting, floating holographic billboards behind it.
In the universe floating with huge colored bubbles, a man in a classic dress sits on a moon-sized pocket watch fishing for the stars.
A giant tower made of countless stacked books. The books at the top of the tower grew wings and tried to fly away, in a surrealist sculptural style.
In the black-and-white silent film style, Charlie Chaplin stood in the center of the stage, spinning his cane with his fingers. Behind him was a curtain, and the huge leather shoes on his feet were shaped like two small boats.
Sensing the danger, a ceramic robot put down the stone heavier than it was in its hand and protected the more fragile glass flowers beside it with its arms.
An anthropomorphic sad cloud, because it was crying, it started to rain, flattening the logo design style.
The wave pattern on the side of a can is seamlessly connected in shape with the blue waves that are instantly frozen and actually splashed next to it.
In a classical oil painting, the ancient Greek philosopher Socrates was debating in the square, and a dove flew and stopped on his shoulder to comb his feathers.
As dark clouds blocked the sun, an ancient anthropomorphic sundial shed tears and the shadow of the pointer disappeared.
In the animated movie scene, in front of the Egyptian Pyramid, a camel is on the left side of the picture and a penguin is on the right side of the picture. They are chatting happily.
Generating pictures: In the fashion designer's studio, design sketches are nailed to the wall, but there is no computer on the table. The designer is fixing a piece of silk to the mannequin with his hand.
Pixar animation style, a path made of colored candies and a river made of chocolate cookies, both lead to a huge custard castle in the distance.
Cyberpunk style, a man stands quietly in the rain, one of his arms made of polished metal and glowing blue cables.
Generate a photographic photo: A penguin is not gliding on the ice. It is imitating humans, with its hands behind its back, pacing on the beach.
A glass king's chess piece is melting in pain due to its proximity to the candle light, and its body gradually loses its edges and corners and becomes distorted.
Please generate a picture: A cracked ceramic teacup is filled with lava, but instead of breaking, the cup is being repaired by the heat of the lava.
Cyberpunk style, a huge mechanical whale, its transparent body contains a miniature city, but there is no one in the city. The whale's fins look like solar panels.
Please generate a picture: an anthropomorphic old street lamp desperately shines its only beam at its feet because it is afraid of the darkness, in a documentary photography style.
Due to long-term erosion by sea breeze, the rocks on the left side of the cliff are smoother than on the right side, covered with moss, while the right side is angular.
In a beautiful wool felt work, an orange kitten curiously stretched out its front paws and carefully touched a rolling ball of wool.
A sad old man looked at a crying boy. The bright yellow balloon in the boy's hand formed a sharp contrast with his sad face.
In the futuristic science fiction style, a fox equipped with mechanical prosthetics with a cunning smile on its face is quietly sneaking into a cyber city.
A tall basketball player and a small cheerleader stood side by side on the left side of the Statue of Liberty. The athletes were significantly taller than the cheerleaders.
A snow-white fox curled up on dark green moss and slept, surrounded by a few lavender fluorescent mushrooms, in a watercolor painting style.
Photo generated: Sunlight shines through the dusty dome skylight of an ancient library, illuminating books scattered on the ground.
In the Ukiyo-e style, in the center of the picture is a kimono girl holding an oil-paper umbrella. Behind her are the surging waves. There is a Mount Fuji in the distance to the left.
In the animated movie scene, a clever fox stands behind a big tree. Instead of scaring the little rabbit in front of it, it takes out a carrot with the same color as the rabbit's ears because it wants to make friends.
Generating picture: A young pastry chef is decorating a strawberry cake, holding a decorating bag in both hands, and his movements are focused and gentle. The picture adopts a Japanese small and fresh photography style.
A huge transparent glass bottle contains a miniature version of the Egyptian pyramid group. The bottle stands alone in the middle of the vast desert, with the horizon in the distance.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a whale made of star dust, with dark blue skin and golden spots, is slowly swimming in the sea of clouds.
Generate a picture: Please draw an animated scene in the magical forest at night, where huge glowing mushrooms emit a mysterious blue light that illuminates the surrounding trees.
A huge space creature whale, its skin is composed of transparent crystal, and nebulous energy flows in its body. It looks like a blue whale on Earth.
In the movie stills, a detective stands behind a messy desk in the foreground, staring at the clue board on the background wall, in a cold noir film style.
Generating a photographic work: A man with roses tattooed on the back of his hand is looking out of the window at the heavy rain. He shows a sad expression because he remembers the sad past.
The oil painting texture is an ancient stone pyramid, but it is not located in the desert, but floating on the vast sea of clouds.
Please generate a picture of a square wooden table with an open laptop on the left side of the table and a cup of steaming coffee on the right side.
After the heavy rain, the city streets were empty, and the wet asphalt pavement clearly reflected the colorful neon signs of nearby shops.
Inside the wreckage of a huge alien mech, an anthropomorphic fox engineer is standing in front of the cockpit, with the dim light of the energy core shining in the abyss below.
A white anthropomorphic chess knight invited his black companions, who hugged each other tightly and danced an elegant tango in a retro illustration style.
In the costume design draft, two models were wearing similar geometric dresses in Bauhaus-style. Because one of them's belt was loose, the other was reaching out to help her tighten it.
A huge whale skeleton floated above the ruins of the city. Below the skeleton, a lone wolf looked up at it.
In the documentary photography style, in the abandoned factory warehouse, due to the heavy rain last night, a small pool of water accumulated on a piano directly below the hole in the roof.
Generating picture: A city made of sweets and a city made of vegetables are adjacent to each other, and the former seems more popular with children than the latter.
Generating picture: An astronaut's helmet has no head, but is filled with bright nebulae. Because he has stared into deep space for too long, he has become a part of the universe.
On the infinite staircase formed by the Mobius Ring, a lonely traveler is walking, and the entire space takes on the surrealist style of Escher prints.
A minimalist logo depicts an explorer with a tiger beside him, but the tiger does not attack him, but instead licks its own claws.
Generate a picture: Draw a portrait in a Fauvism style with a woman's hair bright orange and a deep blue background.
On the software loading interface, an anthropomorphic progress bar made of glowing squares is trying to stretch its body to reach a five-pointed star, whose top has already touched the target.
Due to eternal heavy rains, the city evolved transparent, lotus leaf-shaped roofs, and the streets turned into clear canals.
Cyberpunk style, a bionic man made of scrap metal and wire, stood on the street on a rainy night with neon lights shining, gazing at his mechanical palm.
Clay style, a potato planet with small hands is curiously opening an ancient Pandora's Box with its hands. There seems to be light shining out of the box.
Create a painting: Because the sun is too strong, an anthropomorphic cactus wears sunglasses and a straw hat, and there is the shadow of another cactus in the desert behind it.
A magnificent classical stone bridge looks more simple and thick than a modern steel cable suspension bridge next to it, and the river flows quietly under the bridge.
Generated picture: On the grass in the foreground, a kitten looks up and sees three fish with butterfly wings flying towards the floating island, Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
On a dark assembly line, all the robotic arms reach out accurately, and their fingers are carefully wiring the same microchip.
A cat imitating the painter Van Gogh held the brush awkwardly with its paws and painted the starry sky on the canvas. The overall oil painting style is a strong color.
An anthropomorphic flame, wearing a black tuxedo, stood in front of the stage, and the outline of the audience in the distance was vaguely visible.
In Van Gogh's oil painting, a young painter looked at his work, and his expression turned from initial joy to disappointment, because he found that his painting was far inferior to the Mona Lisa next to him.
A melting anthropomorphic clock, suspended in the air and running hard, trying to escape the passage of time, in a surrealist style.
On the catwalk, a model wore a huge silk bow dress, and behind her stood two assistants wearing the same material but different styles.
A man wearing a diamond-shaped sweater with the same pattern as the tapestry on the wall stood in front of a triangular bookshelf. All the books on the bookshelf behind him were neatly placed outwards.
A sharp metal scissors were cutting a red ribbon, and there were fine fibers scattered at the break of the ribbon.
A lonely astronaut sits in the cockpit of a huge mecha, gazing at the strange red planet through the glass cover.
Please take a picture: a group of flamingos with perfect heart-shaped bodies, each with a shy expression, and the whole photo presents a strong black-and-white contrast style.
Please draw a surrealist oil painting: a candle goes out because it burns out, but the wax oil flowing down solidifies into a blooming rose under the candlestick.
In the study late at night, a white-haired detective stared at an old yellowed photo. The person in the photo was exactly what he looked like when he was young. It was a movie-level close-up with a suspenseful atmosphere.
A clever fox found that the cheese on the wooden box was too high because it couldn't jump on it, so he pushed a plastic stool next to it under the wooden box.
A huge floating Rubik's cube is slowly rotating over the Great Wall. As it is about to be solved, every color block of it begins to emit a soft and unified light.
Because of hunger, the lead wolf standing on the left side of the cliff and the wolf pack on the right looked down at the deer herd below, preparing to attack.
The cyberpunk-style game setting diagram shows a mechanical wolf roaring on the left, and a similar mechanical wolf roaring on the right. Their blue electronic eyes are consistent with the light of the city's neon lights.
Draw a picture of a girl wearing armor trapped in a huge glass bottle. Her armor is not made of metal but is more transparent than the walls of the glass bottle.
An exquisite steampunk style brass armillary sphere, with suspended planetary rings rotating around a glowing gear sun in the center, has a clay free-motion animation texture.
In front of a huge magic book, a miniature model of the city was spinning, and a floating glove clenched its fist angrily because it could not grasp it.
In the animation scene, a pair of twin brothers who look alike stand together, but the younger brother does not have the scar on his face.
A huge alien mothership hangs quietly above the Great Wall. Its structure is more complex than the Great Wall itself, in a cinematic style.
Because it suddenly rained heavily outside the house, the girl who was reading in the room immediately got up and ran to close the open window. It felt like a movie.
An alarm clock man in a suit and leather shoes was sweating profusely because he was late for work. Documents were scattered under his feet and a half-open door behind him.
In a glass bottle, two anthropomorphic flame figures are working together to lift up a glowing pearl to illuminate the surroundings because they are afraid of darkness.
In the spring sun, the snow-covered Mount Fuji stands quietly, and the five-story tower at the foot of the mountain complements the blooming cherry blossoms.
Generating picture: A white marble sculpture, a China dragon tired of disputes, is using its tail as a brush to write poems about peace on a huge stone tablet.
A science fiction movie poster has a floating mechanical heart in the center, a huge insect wing on the left, and a disintegrating planet on the right.
In the middle of a garage piled with parts, a technician is bending over to repair a retro motorcycle, and tools are scattered on the ground in the foreground.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit is sitting at the top of an Egyptian pyramid, leisurely playing a classical guitar, overlooking the desert below his feet.
On a floating alien platform, on the left is a gorilla wearing a spacesuit and on the right is a mechanical dog, with a mysterious cube shining blue light placed between them.
The little goldfish in the fish tank looked scared because the cat in front of it was bigger than the fish tank, but the cat was made laugh by its own funny reflection on the fish tank, in a Pixar animation style.
Generate IP character design: A little girl wearing a spacesuit, floating in front of her is a doll that looks exactly like her, and behind them is a huge planet.
A huge iceberg is melting due to global warming, revealing an ancient brass compass inside, the compass's hands still pointing north.
A detective stared at the magnifying glass in his hand, which reflected a vague side view of the murderer. The film felt and the atmosphere was tense.
Generating picture: In the cockpit of an alien spacecraft, in the center of the picture is an orange cat wearing a spacesuit. On its left is a holographic screen flashing with green data, and on the right is a round porthole that can see the bright stars.
A woman in a Baroque dress, her long hair made of flowing waterfalls, and a crystal butterfly resting on her shoulder, a surrealist painting.
An anthropomorphic compass was lying on the table because it was lost, carefully studying a huge map spread out on its right.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, an archaeologist dressed in a white robe was looking down in thought. The white off-road vehicle next to him was also covered with sand and dust. It was a documentary photography style and a long-range lens.
A huge gray rock is on the left, because the tiny blue crystal next to it shines too brightly, causing the surface of the rock to glow with blue light, in a fantasy art style.
Because the runes did not match, the two floating crystals collided with each other above the altar, but no magic effect was triggered.
In the abandoned space station, two mutant space mice did not steal the cheese because they found a countdown bomb under the cheese.
A book saw the inkbottle next to it crying, so it opened its own page and wiped away the tears for its partner who was much younger than it, giving a warm illustration.
Generating picture: An open wooden box holds a crystal ball larger than itself, so the box cannot close and there is no lid next to it.
In the empty square, three little astronauts wearing the same spacesuits all looked up in surprise at a huge donut floating above their heads.
Because there was a heavy snow last night, the entire city was covered with thick snow. Only the chimneys of a few houses were emitting curling smoke. The pictures were in a warm picture book style.
A robotic elephant with butterfly wings, sad, is performing a ballet awkwardly in the foreground of a crater on the lunar surface.
Please design an IP character: a space-time mage who is gazing at a hexagonal space-time rift suspended in the sky, with an unfamiliar starry sky on the other end.
An elegant Persian cat wears a Victoria-style lace dress with an exquisite little top hat on its head.
In a huge express carton, a tiny Siamese cat only poked out its small head and looked around curiously and timidly. It had a cinematic lens and a shallow depth of field.
Watercolor painting, a huge and brand new red suitcase, contrasts sharply with a dilapidated small brown suitcase next to it.
Generated image: In an abandoned factory, a ragged man uses rough fingers to carefully wipe a metal sphere smoother than the rusty iron beside it.
Please generate a picture: In an abandoned toy factory, a rusty robot is unable to move due to rain. A small yellow mechanical bird is holding a large leaf to block it from the rain, Pixar animation style.
Generate a game character design: a Sphinx hairless cat dressed in the costume of an ancient Egyptian pharaoh, squatting at the top of a pyramid.
Late at night in the abandoned factory, a lonely old TV set was littered with snowflakes, but it was not playing any programs and there was no one around.
Generated image: In the foreground, a man wearing a striped T-shirt and holding an equally tilted striped ice cream cone; in the background, the Leaning Tower of Pisa, Italy.
At the foot of the huge Statue of Liberty, a tourist did not feed the pigeons. The pigeons were lowering their heads and pecking at the popcorn on the ground.
A gardener had just finished pruning rose bushes. Because she was not wearing gloves, she had several small thorns on her fingers.
In a Baroque bronze sculpture, a muscular man without a shirt is pushed hard with both hands against a huge round stone door.
The head logo of a wise man, and his brain part has been replaced with a leafy tree of life, a minimalist vector icon.
In the ink painting style, deep in the empty bamboo forest, a white-robed swordsman is practicing sword alone, with a graceful figure.
Due to the long-term exposure to sunlight, the edges of a crystal clear glass sculpture began to melt and its shape became distorted.
On the Great Wall of the future wasteland, an explorer reached out out of curiosity and touched an ancient city brick, causing blue electronic circuits to appear on his finger.
The public welfare poster design shows a lonely scarecrow standing in the middle of a field. It has no facial features, but its body is swaying slightly in the wind, making it very bleak.
A tiny astronaut stood on the palm of a huge robot, looking up at the robot's metal face and a scene full of futuristic feelings.
Photo generated: On an abandoned Mars base, although the communication system has long failed, the plants in the greenhouse have not withered, but have grown extremely lush.
A scarecrow in tattered clothes jumped happily in the fields. It jumped higher than the fence behind it, and the picture was full of dynamic.
A peacock proudly opens its screen in front of the Sydney Opera House. Its huge tail feathers unfurled, shaped just like the building behind it, in a colorful oil painting style.
A child was lost in a labyrinth of library, but he did not cry. Instead, he sat down happily and read it because he had found his favorite comic book.
In a sky made of marshmallow clouds, there are many crystal islands floating with glowing mushrooms.
Late at night in the forest, a brown bear was clumsily fiddling with a brass telescope. When it saw the bright Milky Way for the first time, its eyes were full of awe and surprise, in the style of Studio Ghibli.
In the foreground of the picture is an anthropomorphic tomato astronaut, with three metal detectors floating above it and the unfamiliar red planet surface below it.
In a fantasy room, a master clock looked sleepy because he was too sleepy. Its hands hung feebly, and an armchair next to it was dancing happily.
Generated image: A glass chess board is suspended in the stars. Because the White Queen ate the Black King, the entire board is gradually freezing from the center.
Create a painting depicting a huge waterfall gushing from the top of the Egyptian pyramid. The water from the waterfall flows in the desert to form an oasis river surrounding the pyramid.
In an abandoned warehouse, a rusty old robot sits on a wooden box with a sad expression. In front of it stands a newer, smoother and arrow-looking robot.
Generated image: An open wooden treasure chest contains a small model of the Eiffel Tower, surrounded by several gold coins.
Animation: The ancient model of the Eiffel Tower stands quietly on the left side of the table, and a Newtonian pendulum on the right side of the table is swinging constantly.
Generating picture: A group of young people wearing uniform white shirts in a bright office, all smiling and raising their right hands to celebrate success.
In a transparent glass fish tank, a small turtle is retracting its head and limbs into its shell, with several pebbles next to it.
Please create a painting: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a camel wearing sunglasses is playing a guitar. The picture shows a strong pop art style.
In a clean and bright classroom, the sun shines in through the windows, but there are no students or teachers inside, only tables and chairs are neatly arranged.
Generating a picture: A ceramic teapot has eyes and a mouth. Because it was scalded by the hot water in the pot, it is grinning and showing a very painful expression.
A weather application interface with a bottle containing a miniature storm in the center and a row of potion bottles at the bottom to show the future weather. The overall steampunk style is available.
In the flat illustration style, one anthropomorphic light bulb is dimmer than another because there is no electricity, but it is not discouraged and instead strives to absorb the moonlight.
In a Monet-style pond, a frog in a spacesuit sits on a lotus leaf with a lotus flower on its left, but it does not reach out to pick it.
Please draw: A depressed-looking man is trapped in a glass box. Instead of looking at the happy puppy on the left, he presses hard on the glass wall with his palm.
There were five programmers in the conference room. Because the project was successfully launched, they were all wearing the same celebration T-shirts and had happy smiles on their faces.
On the left side of the frame, astronaut Neil Armstrong is planting an American flag on the surface of the moon, with the deep universe and the distant Earth in the background.
In the center of the picture is a kind old lady. On her left is a yawning orange cat, and on her right is a steaming tea cup. An indoor scene.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic chess king does not look at the chessboard in front of him, but just sits quietly, using a frame-style composition with a blurred background.
Photo generated: In the weightless spacecraft cabin, a huge alien beetle is floating in the air. A smaller cat-shaped creature directly below it does not float with it because it is wearing magnetic boots.
A huge black metal obellum stands on the left, and because of the scanning beam it emits, the three floating light balls on the right begin to flash with a dangerous red light.
In the Ukiyo-e style, an anthropomorphic samurai teapot is in front of the window view of Mount Fuji, pouring tea into the tea cup on the right, and a kitten snoozes off on the left.
In a warm and healing picture book style, a fat orange cat and a thin black cat are sitting side by side, looking up at the meteor in the sky together.
In the music player interface, notes made of liquid metal gushed out of a deep circular portal, wrapping around a matte black cube in the foreground.
A city built of huge books, rivers of ink flowing on the streets, and clouds made of paper floating in the sky. The whole is retro steampunk style.
Generating picture: In the e-commerce product display scene, one hand picks up a matte glass bottle, and its body is taller than the smooth ceramic bottle next to it.
A ceramic bowl, a ceramic plate and a ceramic spoon are randomly placed on the wooden table. Their surfaces all have the same ice crack texture and are full of silent aesthetic photography style.
A young lady in an exquisite retro dress sat by the sun-filled window and read quietly. The whole picture was in a warm and healing watercolor illustration style.
On the Great Wall of the future, a city built of transparent crystal rises from the ground, and glowing suspension trains shuttle through the city.
Please create a painting: Inside a huge, scale-covered apple, a tranquil deep-sea world with corals and fish.
Please create a clay sculpture: an old grandfather with a serious expression is teaching a grinning grandson to weave a straw hat. The grandson is sitting in front of his grandfather.
An anthropomorphic melancholy camera, it is not as happy as the brush next to it, because it cannot create color, can only record reality, flat illustration style.
A city built of colored candies, because the sun in the sky is a huge lemon, the buildings on the streets are slowly melting.
The mane of a lion is composed of peacock feathers, and its luster is even more dazzling than the real peacock tail feathers.
The heavy rain had just stopped, and the depressions on the ancient stone pavement were filled with rainwater, clearly reflecting the gorgeous sunset on the horizon.
A peaceful natural scenery poster with a flat design style. A fox is sneaking through the grass in the foreground, with cascading blue mountains in the background.
Cyberpunk style, a huge clock made up of neon tubes and translucent data cables is suspended in the sky of the rainy future city.
Generating pictures: A thinker who had an epiphany of a philosophical problem happily drew a mind map composed of starlight in the air with his finger. The picture was in a surrealist style.
Please create a picture. In the nebula, next to a huge crystal piano, there is a violin suspended. It is smaller than a single key of the piano, giving a super-realistic cinematic feel.
On a hillside, the new house is much smaller than the old house next to it. Since it is uninhabited, its walls are already covered with vines.
Generated picture: There is a dozing panda on the left side of the picture, a clump of green bamboo on the right side, and the background is continuous distant mountains, in the style of ink painting.
Please generate a picture: a huge clock made of a liquid nebula, with brass gears and comet hands running in it, in a steampunk style overall.
Generated image: In the center of a chessboard made of glowing lava, an ice king chess piece is melting due to the high temperatures, next to it is a similar queen chess piece made of obsidian.
In the ruins of the future, a robot housekeeper found his little master and gently covered him with a thick blanket.
In Tim Burton's Gothic animation style, a fox is tiptoeing to carefully suture the wound with the tip of its tail made of withered vines because it picked up a broken heart.
Because it smelled an unfamiliar smell, the vigilant cat did not escape. Instead, it bent its back and carefully approached the corner.
Six brightly colored doughnuts are placed on the table, with a clear Andy Warhol Pop art.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot sits in front of a wooden table. Because it feels sad, hot tea flows out of the spout and drips into the cup it holds.
Photo generated: A huge transparent glass bottle contains a peaceful forest. A little girl is sitting on the grass in the bottle reading a book.
In the classroom, all the students were wearing the same blue school uniforms, and they all looked at the teacher on the podium.
Generated picture: A mechanical fox is still on the left side of the picture, with a holographic globe floating in front of it, and the fox is looking at it intently.
A magic book was suspended in the air. Because the story it told was too sad, crystal tears flowed from the pages and gathered into a small river.
A self-aware AI robot, gazing at a dying star in the distance, projects a holographic tear from its optical sensor due to incomprehensible sadness.
A blue mechanical elephant with the texture of matte glass is standing on a floating number cube on one leg, its body leaning to maintain balance.
A huge giant bent down curiously and looked at an ordinary person standing on his huge palm. Their vastly different sizes formed a sharp contrast.
Watercolor painting shows a little rabbit eating carrots on the left side of the picture, and a kitten rolling on the right side of the picture.
Please create a glass sculpture: the body of a ballet dancer, but her head is a blooming metal rose, elegant.
A high-speed photo capture showed a kitten gazing curiously at the holographic butterfly in front of it, but it did not stretch out its claws to capture it.
An anthropomorphic brown bear reached out its palm and gently stroked a little rabbit. Because it felt gentleness, the little rabbit did not escape, but instead rubbed its hand affectionately.
A flock of pink flamingos stood quietly in the shallows under the setting sun, their graceful reflections exactly in line with their posture.
In Cyberpunk style, the winding Great Wall is made up of neon tubes. On the left side, there is a hoverbike parked on the wall, and on the right is a huge holographic billboard.
A drop of rainwater fell on the cracked land. As it was nourished, a vibrant bud immediately grew at the contact point, with a minimalist line icon style.
Generating picture: A gentleman's head is a complete cube gift box, and he is adjusting the bow tie with a hand made of metal gears.
A transparent model of a whale made of glass has a small sailboat in its belly and a string of bubbles on the right side of the whale.
The UI interface design of a weather forecast software shows a corki dog wearing pilot goggles flying over the top of Fuji on a somersault cloud.
A giant tower made of countless old books, its spiraling structure is very similar to the internal texture of a conch, and it has a black and white photography style.
A glass bottle is suspended in the stars. Because it contains a miniature supernova, the bottle is emitting dazzling light from inside, designed in Memphis style.
The hands of an ancient ground-to-earth clock covered with moss are reversing rapidly, so the broken porcelain cups on the floor nearby are miraculously being put together again.
A soldier in camouflage uniforms was quietly lying on a moss covered rock. The camouflage pattern on his body was perfectly integrated with the moss texture of the rock.
Generating picture: A girl made of blue and white porcelain is wearing a silk texture Han costume. The overall picture is in the style of national ink.
The pendulum of the ancient ground-to-ground clock has long been stationary, but the dust in front of it has gathered into a slowly rotating whirlpool due to the ticking sound in memory.
Draw an abandoned amusement park where all the carousels are rusty, but one Ferris wheel is taller and more complete than all the other facilities.
A giant panda wearing a spacesuit, on its left is the blue earth, but it does not look back, in the style of a surreal science fiction movie screenshot.
In the poster design, two characters stand front and back, the short character in the foreground holds a huge apple in both hands, and the tall character in the background holds a small cherry with his fingers.
Please design a simple music player UI interface. Because the song is playing, the originally circular play button becomes a pause icon composed of two vertical rectangles.
Generating picture: In a living room with inverted gravity, a man in casual clothes walks on the ceiling, directly below him, the sofa and coffee table are firmly fixed to the ceiling.
In National Geographic photography style, a huge brown bear was struggling to take a selfie with a small mobile phone because its claws were too big, and its expression was very distressed.
An anthropomorphic strawberry ice cream cone IP image, with a few plump strawberries floating behind it, some melted chocolate sauce in the foreground, and the overall is cute clay style.
Create a bronze sculpture showing a contemplative woman with her long hair fluttering and shaped like a flowing waterfall in a surrealist style.
In the high-end commercial photography style, a clever macaw is singing happily in its luxurious crystal suitcase because of the space.
A lonely astronaut stands in the red desert of Mars, gazing at the little blue Earth in the distance.
A retro technology poster has a bulky gray old radio on the left and a thin modern transparent glass tablet on the right.
On the forest grass, a Mr. Bear wearing suspenders is dancing, and a small deer on his left is bowing its head to eat grass.
The UI interface of a weather application, because the forecast shows that it will be fine after rain, the interface background presents a soft gradient similar to a real rainbow, and a simple sun icon card hangs in the center.
Create a painting: an ancient lighthouse taller than the skyscraper next to it, without any modern buildings around it, in a watercolor style.
Generated image: In a future cyberpunk-style city, Confucius is not giving lectures, but wears VR glasses and plays a neon guqin on an aerial hoverboard.
A city made of huge crystals, the ground is covered with rainbows due to the penetration of sunlight, and one of the spire is taller than all the surrounding buildings.
In the surrealist oil painting style, Isaac Newton sat under an apple tree. An apple detached from the branch but floated upward in violation of gravity. He fell into thought.
In the pouch of a female kangaroo, a young kangaroo was sleeping soundly, and its small ears moved slightly.
In the huge starship hangar, there were two rows of bio-human guards with exactly the same appearance and clothing. They looked forward expressionlessly.
A corgi in a spacesuit raised its laser gun warily and looked around because it heard a strange noise, in the style of a retro science fiction poster.
A knight wearing medieval metal armor, his helmet is full of futuristic Cyberpunk style, and the helmet shines with blue light.
The huge flood has just receded, so the skyscrapers and streets of the entire abandoned city are covered with a layer of gorgeous bioluminescent coral.
Generating picture: A turtle with wings, but it is not flying, but walking on the bottom of the sea, in the style of ink painting.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a samurai suddenly drew his sword under a cherry tree. Because of the rapid movement, the cherry blossoms behind him were swept up by the sword wind and danced in the sky.
In Cyberpunk style, an anthropomorphic robot housekeeper wearing a top hat stands on the left side of the frame, and to its right is a huge neon tower floating in the sky.
In a deserted city model made of clay, tiny crystal clusters grew in the cracks in the street due to the arrival of a golden rain.
In a future living room in the cyberpunk-style style, two chairs are suspended in the air and there are no walls around them. They are replaced by a glowing digital waterfall.
Generating picture: A tall robot has discovered a miniature music box and is opening it with a tiny beam of light from its fingertips because its huge metal fingers are too clumsy.
Generating picture: Please design a second-dimensional style game character. A female elf archer is pulling a longbow with all her strength, and the pet fox on her shoulder is looking back warily.
Generated image: A huge mechanical whale holds a sophisticated city in its transparent abdomen, but there are no signs of human activity in the city.
Renaissance Leonardo da Vinci was sitting in a wooden aircraft he designed, pedaling hard on the pedals to make it fly.
For the futuristic sculpture, the huge mechanical heart stopped beating, and the human statue smaller than an ant also lost its metallic luster.
In a pure white space, there is a huge black cube suspended. One corner of the cube is melting and dripping into small balls.
On the wooden desktop, there is an open notebook and a pen in the foreground, a laptop computer on the left and a cup of hot coffee on the right.
The black bear under the big tree on the left was stung by a bee for stealing honey. It was covering its head and running towards the river on the right, trying to use the river water to relieve the pain.
A woman used a new cream, so her skin became smoother than the pearls next to her. Her confident smile complemented the high-end packaging of the product, with a high-quality texture style.
In the ancient Library of Alexandria, an anthropomorphic bookshelf leans under the weight of knowledge, its posture is strikingly similar to the famous Leaning Tower of Pisa.
In street photography style, the man on the left side of the picture looks at his watch anxiously, but the girl next to him is leisurely eating ice cream with a smile.
The giant alien defense satellite detected two damaged drones, and their energy cores immediately lit up for attack as they identified the threat.
The composition is in Bauhaus style, with a red cubic box in the center of the picture, a yellow sphere on the left, and simple blue geometric lines on the background.
A fireplace carved from ice cubes is slowly melting because of the flames burning inside, and water droplets dripping on the smooth black marble floor.
A robot fell in the desert because its energy was exhausted, but the engine oil it flowed out unexpectedly nourished its body and grew a metallic rose.
The panda wearing a mini party hat is looking gloomily at the birthday cake bigger than it.
Please draw a picture: In a magic library, all books grow wings and smiling faces, fly in the air, and have a low polygonal art.
A little fox thought the snowman in front of him was real, so it quietly hid behind a pine tree, revealing only its big fluffy tail.
A transparent hourglass made of glass was suspended in the air. What flowed inside was not sand but a miniature bright galaxy. The background was a simple gradient wall in a clay style.
A model was wearing a long dress made of starlight. Because the skirt was too bright, the shadow she cast was actually rainbow color. The model was on the left side of the picture and the shadow was on the right side.
A mechanical police dog did not bark at the intruder because it identified the person through an iris scan as the owner who had been missing for many years.
A pair of anthropomorphic pepper and salt shakers, dressed in similar gowns, posing in the same pose, danced tango on the dining table, taking macro photography.
A huge Mobius ring woven of glowing nebulae, suspended in the silent depths of the universe, in a digital painting style.
An ancient compass with hands and feet, because it is standing at the South Pole, the needle keeps spinning in confusion, with the background of ice and snow.
Please generate a picture: a tomato with hands and feet, sitting crying on a chopping block in the kitchen, with a shiny kitchen knife next to it, in a hyper-realistic oil painting style.
Please design a weather forecast APP interface. A little girl is sitting on a crescent moon, the magic wand in her hand is pointing to the sunny weather icon tomorrow.
An astronaut's helmet shattered, pouring out colorful nebulae and miniature galaxies instead of his face, surrealist, close-ups.
Generating picture: Draw a pixel-art-style picture. On the left side of the picture is a knight wearing heavy armor, and on the right side is a little girl wearing a pink princess dress. They are working hard to build a snowman.
Steampunk style, two mechanical foxes with tails made of precision brass gears. Because one of them fed a glowing energy crystal block to its companion, the latter's gear tail began to spin at high speed.
Generate a photo: In the foreground is a woman wearing a silk cheongsam, leaning against a marble pillar, with the blurred corner tower of the Forbidden City in the background.
A soldier wearing black classical armor, his right arm is wrapped and replaced by a silver dragon made of liquid metal, the game character design.
Cyberpunk-style poster, a transparent data cube suspended in the foreground, behind which is a huge server. Because data is being downloaded, blue light waves appear on its surface.
The fox was not cunning, because it only wanted to make friends with the little rabbit in the forest, so it gave him a carrot.
Generated picture: An astronaut is slowly floating in a weightless environment, with a vast starry sky in the background, adopting a light and shadow style that feels like a science fiction movie.
Generating image: Design a user's personal homepage for a music App, the main color is deep purple, and in the center of the interface is a female portrait enjoying music with her eyes closed.
In the corner of the room, an old alarm clock stopped moving because its battery ran out. A hand reached out and patiently rewound it.
In the animated movie scene, a neat army of robots is marching. All the robots are holding the same laser gun and their chests are flashing with red light.
A short boy stood at the feet of a huge robot. Because the robot did not attack him, he was not afraid, but looked up curiously.
An anthropomorphic old clock, hands hanging feebly and sad expression, presents a retro black and white film photography style as a whole.
Generate a photographic work: Looking out through an ancient stone arch, there are several pine trees on the left side of the picture and a winding stone road on the right side.
A clever fox picked up a pair of glasses in the snow. After putting them on, it was pleasantly surprised to find that the fuzzy snow was covered with clear mouse footprints.
In oil painting style, a cunning fox discovered a shivering rabbit in the grass, but it did not pounce on it, but instead lay leisurely next to it.
A woman tried a green eye cream. Because the effect was so good, she opened her eyes wide in surprise. The whole scene was the texture of a high-end cosmetics advertising.
Generating picture: Physicist Newton, wearing a uniform silver prism dress, conducts a symphony of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and purple beams.
Please generate a realistic photo: There is a tall anthropomorphic pepper jar standing on the left side of the picture, and a much shorter salt jar on the right side, both wearing suits.
An orange kitten is squatting on the top shelf. Below it, a little mouse is quietly sticking its head out from behind a stack of books.
A little mouse was not fooled after seeing the cheese trap. Instead, it put on an engineer helmet and carefully began to use tools to remove the trap.
A logo design shows an orange cartoon fox with its body passing from the back to the front of a dark blue ring, with its tail remaining behind the ring.
A silver cheetah whose body is made of liquid metal is walking out of an open futuristic portal, which feels like a science fiction movie.
Please create a painting: in front of a crystal clear glass pyramid, a rough wooden sphere larger than it.
A huge bronze elephant sculpture, in front of which is placed a small elephant sculpture with the same posture but half the size smaller.
In the ruins of a magnificent Gothic church, a dragon made of broken stained glass is waving its wings and trying to fly out of a hole in the dome.
A tired climber had just climbed to the top of the mountain and sat on the ground because he was exhausted. Behind him was a continuous snowy mountain and in front of him was a cliff.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic Mr. Light bulb wearing a bow tie gracefully bows to a book in a retro cartoon style.
A crystal clear crystal ball contains a snow-capped fairy tale castle with a warm fireplace in the background, in a macro photography style.
Generating picture: A heavy iron anchor broke through the wooden deck, creating cracks much thicker than the ropes piled next to it.
Generating picture: Please depict an anthropomorphic cactus made of crystals. It is wearing sunglasses and lying leisurely on the beach, drinking sunshine juice sucked through a glass straw.
Albert Einstein was in his study, with complex physical formulas written on the blackboard behind him. He was deep in thought and looked serious.
In a miniature city made of transparent glass bottles, the mushroom house on the left huddled sadly because it was soaked in the rain.
Please generate an interior design. The bedroom on the left is decorated in minimalist cool colors, which is larger than the bedroom on the right, which is decorated in retro warm colors.
Generating picture: Dad is repairing the broken toy car on the left side of the picture. The son on the right side is not impatient, but looks at him with an expression of admiration.
In the futuristic laboratory, a holographic screen larger than the older scientist on the right floated in front of the young scientist on the left, but there was no data on it.
A realistic photo shows a row of brand new red books standing on the bookshelf. As the one on the far right fell, several books next to it also tilted.
In the abandoned interstellar port, an old small cargo spacecraft is docked next to a brand new giant tourist starship, which is more than ten times the size of the former.
Generating picture: At the foot of the huge Egyptian pyramid, a tiny Lego brick looks extremely small due to its grandeur. The picture style is unified and is realistic photography.
Please design a logo: There is a fox in the center of the picture. Its body has become transparent because it ate the glowing magic fruit. On its left, there is an ordinary fox with similar shape, looking at it curiously, adopting a minimalist line style.
Generating picture: A cartoon-style fox saw a trendy headset. Instead of picking it up with his hands, he excitedly pointed to the pair of headphones. The entire picture was a 3D e-commerce poster.
In modern exhibition halls, there are many water-drop-shaped lights hanging from the ceiling. They are not made of glass, and one of them is brighter than the others.
Please create a photographic work: In front of a dark background, a metallic pear is suspended next to a smooth ceramic apple. Both objects present a surreal matte texture, minimalist style.
A detective stood in front of a wall of clues made up of photos and red lines, his originally frowning brows relaxed when he discovered a contradictory detail.
In the evening in Paris, the Eiffel Tower stands quietly, its reflection swaying gently in the Seine River. The overall style is Impressionist oil painting.
Sunlight penetrates a huge crystal pyramid, so a brilliant rainbow is projected on a wooden cube behind it.
Please draw a poster: a woman standing in a glowing transparent data cube, taller than the man standing outside, and overall Cyberpunk style.
Generating painting: An Eiffel Tower made up of old books, with its observation deck made up of glowing crystals. The whole painting presents the unified texture of old parchment and a surrealist style.
Two anthropomorphic Parthenon Doric pillars, dressed in ancient Greek robes, are engaged in a heated philosophical debate, with the Acropolis in the background, in an Impressionist style.
Generate an animated picture: On the left side of the screen, a boy cries out of fear of the darkness, so the ball of light formed by his tears illuminates the simple fortress made of chairs and sheets on the right side.
Background of the e-commerce summer promotion poster: Because of the hot weather, the ice cream next to the three cups of juice melted, and the flowing appearance is very similar to the decorations on the small waterfall next to it.
A cyberpunk-style city model composed of abandoned computer motherboards and graphics cards, whether it is a tall building or a street, is glowing with blue and purple neon.
A huge ring-shaped space station slowly orbits a red gaseous giant planet, with bright nebulae outside the windows of the space station.
In a desert made of biscuit crumbs sits a huge cream cake castle surrounded by a moat of strawberry jam.
Generated picture: Pixar animation style, a little girl points out her finger and curiously points to a clown fish inside through the glass fish tank.
On the grass in the foreground, the sleeping position of two orange cats is surprisingly similar to the outline of the sofa behind them, as if they have turned themselves into soft furniture because they are too sleepy.
On the top level of a wooden bookshelf, a lazy Ragdoll cat is lying behind several books, taking a nap, in the watercolor style.
In the Japanese celluloid animation style, a little boy wearing a straw hat stands in front of the Leaning Tower of Pisa. There are no tourists behind him, only a blue sky.
The design draft of the Baroque-style dress is composed of countless golden butterflies, which fly around the model, and a peacock above it looks down at the butterflies.
In the ink painting style, there is a cat under the persimmon tree on the left side of the yard. Instead of chasing the butterflies next to it, it is quietly taking a nap.
Photo generated: A stone statue is crying. As tears flow all year round, its cheeks are covered with green moss, Gothic art style.
Please create an art sculpture with the main body of an anthropomorphic five-pointed cookie standing on tiptoe and trying to put a small crown on itself.
A polar bear wearing an ill-fitting red cotton-padded jacket was looking at the reflection in the water in frustration because the glacier melted and could not find food.
An acoustic guitar leans against the right side of the beige single chair, and an open music book sits on the carpet in front of the sofa.
A mushroom with translucent tentacles like jellyfish emits a soft blue light in the forest at night, and the tentacles gently brush over the moss on the ground.
Generated image: In the deserted ruins of Cyberpunk, two similar giant mechanical statues stand, one of which is rusty and the other glows with a faint neon light.
Please generate an IP character: a hamster with Einstein's signature hairstyle, which is smaller than the Newton apple next to it.
Generated picture: On the left side of the picture is a huge rusty interstellar warship, and on the right is a floating transparent crystal planet, which is slowly approaching the warship.
In the animation scene, on the trunk of a big tree, a brown squirrel is climbing upwards. Directly above it, another similar-looking squirrel is also climbing upwards.
In the Ukiyo-e style, the Darwin finch touches its beak on the carapace of a much larger Galapagos elephant turtle. The elephant turtle is resting on the sand.
A floating metal sphere is scanning an alien plant with a beam of light. As it is scanned, the strange petals of the plant are slowly unfolding, giving the texture of a science fiction movie.
A diver wearing a spacesuit explores an underwater library among deep-sea coral reefs, in the Cyberpunk neon art.
An ancient Roman gladiator stands, his left arm is a mechanical prosthetic made of precision gears and brass, and the background is the ruins of the majestic stone arena, the overall Dark Fantasy game style.
Due to the persistent drought, the famous Venice Water City River has dried up to the bottom, and the gondola boat has run aground on the cracked river bed, in a Cyberpunk style.
Create a sculpture: two huge chess pieces carved from obsidian, the king and the queen, with smooth surfaces, facing each other in an empty square.
A spacecraft in the form of a whale, it travels in the rings of Saturn, its skin shines in colors similar to the aurora, and its overall Cyberpunk art style.
A young mechanic, because she loves her job so much, both her robotic arm and her favorite wrench are painted with the exact same flame paint.
Create a sculpture: a war horse made of clay fragments from Qin Shihuang's terracotta warriors and horses, roaring towards the sky.
A man stands in the center of a minimalist living room. On his left is a floor lamp and on his right is a basin of tall green plants.
Generate picture: Please draw a boy in sportswear doing a forward handspring on the park grass with a football not far from his left side.
A book is a dream that you hold in your hand.
After chasing butterflies all day, a little fox lay exhausted on the grass and fell asleep. There was still a butterfly parked in front of it.
Please generate a picture: A group of small robots on the ground showed surprised expressions because they saw the moon-shaped spacecraft in the sky. The spacecraft was bigger than the city behind them, Pixar animation style.
A girl stood in front of a square frame. Her clothes were soaked due to the heavy rain in the painting. Outside the frame, it was sunny, in a magical realism style.
Cyberpunk style, in a rainy alley under neon lights, a girl stretches out her robotic arm with a glowing blue butterfly resting on it.
A hunter wearing a heavy fur coat observed his surroundings warily. A snow leopard suddenly jumped out of the snow bank behind him.
An orange cat that looks like a tiger stands side by side with a real tiger cub. The patterns on their bodies are surprisingly similar.
On the turbid river bank, two giant crocodiles with similar shapes were lying quietly. One of them was obviously larger than the other.
An e-commerce advertising product display background. On the left side of the screen is a pink geometric booth, and on the right side is a similar booth with a solid color wall.
An anthropomorphic light-emitting light bulb, its tungsten wire becomes particularly bright because it is carefully reading a thick book, with a minimalist artistic style.
A huge metal magnet tried to suck the Eiffel Tower away, but the tower did not move. Instead, a laser shot out from the tip and hit the magnet.
In a cozy corner of the living room, two kittens were taking a nap on the sofa, but there were no toys on the floor.
The wreckage of a huge flying robot lies quietly on the sand dune on the left. Next to its robotic arm, a desert fox is sniffing curiously.
On the left side of the picture, there is a tilted sprinkler kettle. Because of its watering, the seedlings in the flower pot on the right have grown new green leaves.
As soon as a man opened a pack of potato chips, the corki next to him immediately dropped the toy in his mouth and ran over quickly to look at him.
A shy mushroom boy hands a crying cloud girl a flower because he wants to make her happy, bubble Marte style.
On the empty street at dusk, a man looked at his shadow in horror because it actually came to life and reached out to him.
A small hedgehog is on the left side of the picture. Because it can't reach the apples on the top shelf on the right, it rolls into a ball and hits the shelf.
The film feels realistic. Because it feels the sadness of the holder, a tear actually flows from the stone eye of the statue. The tear drops and touches the withered petals below.
A confused man was trapped in a transparent glass bottle with a rusty key on the left and a melting clock on the right.
Please create a picture: In the Museum of Natural History, a kitten bent its back in fear and its hair exploded when it saw the huge skeleton of a Tyrannosaurus rex.
A tall and thin anthropomorphic street light stood next to an anthropomorphic fire hydrant much shorter than it.
Please draw a logo: a metallic mechanical heart. Because it is being wrapped by a newborn green vine, it is no longer cold, but instead emits a warm and soft light.
A robotic dog is patrolling the abandoned Mars base, but it ignores the sprouting green plant in the corner.
An anthropomorphic cactus is covered with soft and fluffy marshmallows, while a lump of marshmallows next to it has sharp cactus thorns.
A floating crystal as huge as a mountain peak, and a fist-sized crystal floating next to it, forming a sharp contrast.
A surrealist sculpture in which young Leonardo da Vinci was carving his old self with his thoughts, with a huge helical gear on the base.
An astronaut whose body is made of bright stars is floating weightlessly in the sky, making a running posture, dragging a long comet trail behind him.
In Disney's classic animation style, a huge brown bear curiously stretches out its paw and tries to touch a tiny butterfly resting on the tip of its nose.
Please design a welcome interface for a pet APP with a small cat and a golden retriever that is much taller than it.
Animation style, on the vast ocean, a small paper boat is floating, with a huge whale swimming slowly next to it, forming a sharp contrast in size.
Cyberpunk style, a city made of used circuit boards and neon tubes, there is no moon in the sky, only a huge digital clock shining.
Create a picture: an anthropomorphic mailbox with legs. Instead of waiting quietly for letters, it is chasing its own shadow on the grass like a puppy.
Above the Great Wall of China stands a taller Eiffel Tower, which forms a wonderful contrast.
A little boy in a spacesuit stood in a square glass container. A small blue planet floated in front of him, and behind him was a bright starry sky.
An old steam train is passing through towering wooden trestle as a distant waterfall flows down.
Generate a picture: Due to a heavy rain, the yellow sand and gravel surface of the Egyptian pyramid became moist, reflecting the light of surrounding neon lights. The picture is in a steam wave style.
Generating picture: Using clay sculptures to reproduce the panoramic view of the ancient Egyptian pyramids, several camel caravans are slowly walking through the sand dunes.
An anthropomorphic cactus, without thorns, is standing on tiptoe, trying to touch the clouds made of marshmallows in the sky.
Generated image: A magic flying sword is rotating at high speed around an ancient shield, the tip of the sword shining, trying to find the shield's weakness.
Generated image: A clay sculpture of a fox is curled up because it feels cold, its tail covering its body like a quilt.
Please draw a anthropomorphic wooden chessboard. Because the king's chess pieces were eaten, it is sadly shedding tears of square wood chips. The king falls on the left and the queen stands on the right.
It was a wooden treasure chest with hands and feet. Because the elf inside was trying to escape, it was using all its strength to close its lid.
Impressionist oil painting, a happy little girl in a bright yellow raincoat and a melancholy old man in a dark gray raincoat, standing in the rain together holding an umbrella.
An astronaut is touching a floating, transparent planet made of nebulae with his fingers. As a result of his touch, ripples appear on the surface of the planet similar to the reflection of his helmet.
A ballet dancer reached out her slender hand and gently held up a crystal clear five-pointed ice sculpture in a minimalist photography style.
Generate a public welfare poster: At the bottom of the poster, due to plastic pollution, a turtle has a plastic bottle embedded in its shell. It is looking sadly at the audience above the poster.
There is a glowing magic crystal floating in the center of the picture. Right below it is a stone platform. Blue runes are engraved on the left side of the stone platform and red runes are engraved on the right.
Generating picture: In an open carton, two cats, one big and one small, are squatting. The big cat is almost twice the size of the cat.
Photo generated: After a fierce battle, the ancient castle is full of smoke and the broken flag is still flying in the wind.
Isaac Newton was sitting under an apple tree when a miniature meteor hit him on the head, turning his hair into a shiny crystal material.
Please design a poster: a little bear is sitting, holding up a baguette in its paws that is longer than its body.
Generating work: A forest welded with scrap metal parts, some of which trees will shine, and the overall steampunk style.
In long-exposure photography, a street performer plays a guitar in the foreground. The background is Tokyo's Shibuya Crossing, and blurred people pass by him.
On a rainy night, a man was sitting in a car, staring at the woman holding an umbrella across the street through the raindrop window.
Generate an IP conceptual design: a floating island made of black crystals, larger than the forest below, and without any buildings on the island.
A young eagle that had just learned to fly mistook a drone for its mother and was trying hard to catch up with the cold machine. Its eyes were full of confusion and longing, and it had a realistic cinematic style.
In the corner, a sad-faced cleaning robot stood next to a much larger combat robot, its indicator light dimmed due to mission failure.
In front of the ancient Egyptian pyramid, a floating car full of futuristic technology sits quietly on the sand, its body reflecting the golden sunshine.
Please create a painting: a pure white plaster sculpture whose surface is melting and dripping due to the black paint.
A tiny squirrel was hit on the head by a huge apple. It had an epiphany and picked up a twig with its paw and wrote a complex formula on the ground.
Please design an App's 404 error page. Although it is an error prompt, the robot on the page is smiling and handing over a cup of coffee, a new imitation style.
A modern minimalist environmentally themed poster shows a pair of similar siblings wearing the same green T-shirt and holding a crystal clear glass globe together.
A dilapidated iron robot stands on the left side of a glass jar containing a glowing seed. Because it craves the warmth, it is trying to crack it open with its own metal fingers.
Generating picture: Leonardo da Vinci is sketching in a field. A group of clever foxes are gathering together and using branches to build a model of the ornithopter he designed on the ground.
Generating image: On the barren alien surface, stands a bizarre city made of twisted, huge triangular metal fragments.
In a quiet corner of the study, there is a bright desk lamp on the wooden table in the foreground, the bookshelf next to it is full of books, and a painting hangs on the background wall.
Generate a picture: Please create a realistic picture of a stag whose antlers are made of transparent ice crystals drinking water in the magical forest under the moonlight.
An astronaut sculpture made of countless butterflies, floating in the air without a booster behind him, in a clay stop-motion animation style.
A huge ancient book floating in the air, because the pages were blown open by the wind, the words separated from the book and gathered under the book to form a river made of characters.
Generating picture: Drawing an oil painting, Isaac Newton was lost in thought because he saw an apple fall to the ground, with three heavy books stacked at his feet.
Generate an animation-style painting: on the left side of the picture, a huge fox made of nebula is sleeping; on the right side of the picture, a small turtle covered with mushrooms is looking at it curiously.
A huge alien relic floats in space. It consists of countless rotating metal rings engraved with glowing unknown hieroglyphs.
A children's playroom in a minimalist black and white style, but because the paint bucket was knocked over, the floor turned into a colorful abstract painting.
The magnificent Crystal Great Wall is slowly melting under the scorching sun, the transparent city wall is collapsing due to the high temperature, and rivers of light flow through the mountains, National Geographic magazine style.
Please design a logo that abstracts the Great Wall of China into a data stream composed of 0s and 1s, and adopts a flat design style as a whole.
Late at night in the forest, an explorer was hiding behind a big tree. In front of him, a black bear was standing up on its hind legs and sniffing the air warily.
In a beautiful wooden sculpture, a huge brown bear on the right lowered its head and gently touched a fox on the left that was much smaller than it.
Because there is a huge magnet on the left, the anthropomorphic compass on the right looks confused, and the needle is rotating crazily.
The bronze sculpture style depicts two soldiers supporting each other as they advance, but they are not carrying any weapons.
A magic portal in the game world. The door frame is composed of circling ancient tree roots and floating mysterious runic stones, with a rotating nebula energy body at the center.
A huge metal cube with spiral patterns on its surface was suspended on the barren surface of Mars, surrounded by a blue energy field.
Photo generated: In a courtyard full of Japanese style, a white cat is stretching out and preparing to pounce on a fallen leaf on the ground, next to it is a moss stone lamp.
The e-commerce advertisement picture shows a corgi in the center of the picture, four ducklings around it, and all the animals have the same blue ribbon tied around their necks.
A metal-powered sculpture suspended in the center of the exhibition hall. The audience reaches out to touch its sensor. Below the sculpture is a circular pool.
An anthropomorphic old alarm clock was crying because it couldn't move; a brand new electronic clock next to it looked at it expressionlessly, in a digital art style.
A wooden chest swallowed a glowing gemstone, so the interior of the chest shines softly, and a few tarnished old gold coins are scattered on the front and side of it.
In the cinematic scene, a drop of ink dripped on an old envelope, and the ink quickly spread open, causing all the neat writing on the envelope to become blurred.
Design an environmentally themed poster with a huge transparent water drop in the center of the picture. The inside of the water drop contains a microcosm of a prosperous city full of green.
A man covered in gold paint sat quietly in a room with a pure black background, with a solemn expression.
A penguin from the Antarctic stands in the Sahara Desert, showing a confused expression because it saw an iceberg in a mirage, in a surrealist oil painting style.
A cute little knight in the Q version, wearing a huge armor that doesn't fit well, with only a pair of big eyes exposed, and struggling to hold a sword taller than him in his hand.
A girl made of glass sat sadly in the foreground, her tears condensed into flying butterflies in the air. The background was an upside-down urban forest, with a strong steam wave art.
Generated image: Two golden scarab sculptures from Egypt are racing on the Great Wall. They look high-spirited.
Please draw an ancient grimoire floating in the air and exuding a soft light, in a retro parchment illustration style.
Generating a photographic photo: In the desert in front of the Pyramid of Giza in Egypt, a huge Viking longship is parked with sails fluttering in the wind.
A huge giraffe is licking the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa as if eating an ice cream cone.
The simple cartoon logo has an anthropomorphic light bulb in the center, with a question mark icon on the left and an exclamation point icon on the right.
In the sky, a plump black cloud glared angrily at the white cloud next to it that was crying sadly. The tears of the white cloud turned into raindrops and fell.
A magical castle suspended in the sky. There are no clouds around the castle, only twinkling stars and a winding Milky Way.
In the foreground of the poster, a man's arms are made of transparent crystal, and there are no traces of plants in the ruins of the city behind him.
The Japanese game character of Zefeng is a samurai and his samurai sword. The blade and his armor are engraved with the same cherry blossom pattern.
An old man was sitting by the window and found that the paper on the table in front of him was blown up by the wind. He quickly reached out and held the paper. There were several pens in the foreground.
In Van Gogh style, an astronaut climbs awkwardly on the Eiffel Tower, made of huge twisted pasta, with a giant spherical meatball at the tip of the tower.
In a music player interface, because the song has entered the climax, the cartoon firefly serving as a progress bar is glowing, dragging a bright light track behind it.
A group of glowing deer rushed to the giant crystal floating in the air. As they approached, the crystal's light became stronger and stronger.
An open antique jewelry box covered with red velvet and quietly lying on top of a pearl necklace and a pair of sapphire earrings.
In a room made of jelly, a glass river flows from the ground to the ceiling, and a small wooden bridge spans it.
A music festival poster, an anthropomorphic cloud made of fragments of stained glass, wearing glowing headphones, and an intoxicated expression.
Generating picture: A boy was crying sadly because he failed an exam. The puppy next to him seemed to have sensed the owner's sadness and gently licked away the tears on his face with its tongue.
China's Great Wall transformed into a giant dragon made of bronze and jade. It meanders among the mountains, its scales shining in the sun.
Generating picture: An elderly magician is kindly putting a shining hat on a little boy's head.
Please generate a Ukiyo-e-style painting of a girl wrapped in a huge, triangular crystal bubble floating like a jellyfish above Kiyomizu Temple in Kyoto.
A humanoid outline made up of countless shining five-pointed stars floated in the tranquil dark blue universe, exuding a soft light.
On the street at dusk, an anthropomorphic street lamp on the left side looks at a similar old-fashioned street lamp on the right side, casting a perfect circular spot on the ground.
A fashionable female model wears a long polka dot dress that perfectly blends with the polka dot pattern on the background wall.
In the forest, a little bear found a beehive, but instead of digging out the honey, it lay under the beehive and slept soundly.
In the game character design, there is a girl wearing heavy armor of a medieval knight. Her helmet is in a cat-ear style full of futuristic technology and a second-dimensional style.
Generate a photographic work: a huge brown bear in a tutu is spinning gracefully on tiptoes in the center of the stage, behind which is a red velvet curtain.
Generating picture: Due to sunlight, a transparent glass box containing metal balls casts a rainbow-colored shadow on the left side of the table.
An ancient detection robot absorbed energy from strange plants on an unknown planet, and glowing blue vines grew on its metal shell.
Isaac Newton was sitting under an apple tree, an apple was falling from the tree. He had a contemplative expression, as if he was thinking about gravity.
An Abyssinian cat wearing an ancient Egyptian-style collar is squatting in front of the Sphinx with mysterious eyes and painted in the style of ancient Egyptian murals.
A blue anthropomorphic tea cup contains a trembling sugar cube. The tea cup is placed on a lace table mat with a plate of biscuits in front of it.
An emperor penguin that should have been in the Antarctic did not fall due to the extreme heat of the Sahara Desert. Instead, it stared firmly into the distance, full of realistic pictures.
In Hayao Miyazaki animation style, on the left side of the screen, a fat orange cat lies lazily. It is much larger than the thin mouse on the right, with Mount Fuji in Japan in the background.
An exquisite hourglass made of glass and metal, with bright stars flowing not sand but flowing inside, presenting a dreamy illustration style as a whole.
Generated image: An astronaut stands at the gate of the Mars base, his helmet reflecting a landing spacecraft, with red sand in the foreground.
On the wall of the modern and minimalist living room hangs a landscape oil painting depicting a tranquil lake and distant mountains.
Generate a picture: Please draw a group of students studying in the library. They are all wearing headphones and looking at books attentively.
In the watercolor painting style, in the peaceful courtyard, a white cat is jumping off a stone table. There is no pond behind it, only a green bamboo forest.
In the animation scene, because a young mage successfully cast magic, the originally dark blue robe and hat on his body began to emit a dazzling and unified golden light.
Generated image: A broken meteorite is in the foreground, a cruising interstellar warship is in the middle, and the giant Jupiter and its Great Red Spot are in the far perspective.
An inverted city floating in the sky, its steeple facing the earth, and clouds flowing through it like a river.
A kitten broke a vase on the table and water splashed all over the floor. Instead of running away, it squatted next to the vase fragments and curiously fiddled with the flowing water with its claws.
From the pouch of a huge adult kangaroo mother, the head of a baby kangaroo the size of a fist stuck out, looking around the world curiously.
Generated image: An ancient Egyptian pyramid made of huge bronze gears with a crystal eye at the top of the pyramid, the entire scene is full of steampunk style unity.
Inside the wreckage of an alien spacecraft, a glowing energy core is suspended in mid-air, with several broken silver metal plates scattered directly below it.
A picture is generated: After a huge brown bear sees a butterfly, instead of ignoring it, it is scared to hide behind a tree, revealing only one eye to secretly look at it.
A bronze sculpture in the style of terracotta warriors shows an angry expression in the middle, and a war horse stands on his left and right sides.
In a cartoon rendering-style game scene, above a huge circular floating island, a purple crystal with sharp edges that is larger and larger than the island itself is suspended.
A man was standing in the downpour. Because of the moisture of the rain, colorful flowers bloomed on his clothes.
In a music player application interface, the play button in the middle is much larger than the share button next to it, but the share button is not illuminated.
Generating a picture: On a painter's workbench, three brushes are dipping each other's paint, and the paint flows and mixes on the tabletop.
An anthropomorphic octopus wearing a spacesuit is using one of its tentacles to carefully press the red glowing button on the spacecraft's console, in a retro science fiction illustration style.
In a surrealist style, every grain of sand in the desert is a tiny glowing clock, and huge transparent jellyfish float in the air, their tentacles brush silently across the top of the sand dunes.
Generating game character design: A petite mage, who mastered anti-gravity magic, is suspending a huge Egyptian pyramid in the air above his head.
On the left of the Egyptian pyramid, a man is counting the stars in the sky with his fingers. On the right is a sand dune similar to the pyramid, but there is no moon in the sky.
On the vast grassland at dusk, a herdsman is running into the distance. Behind him is a group of sheep that are bowing their heads to eat grass.
Generating picture: A tired astronaut sits in the re-entry capsule, staring out the window at the earth without any expression of joy on his face.
A city floating in a sea of clouds, the tallest tower in the city is even taller than the sleeping dragon next to it, full of fantasy.
In the surrealist style, due to the sudden disappearance of gravity, red telephone booths in the city are slowly rising into the air. The door of one telephone booth is open and the handset inside is floating.
A girl in surprise reached out her hand, and a colorful butterfly was flapping its wings and taking off from her fingertips.
A man leaned against the wall tiredly. Because he had given up moving forward, his shadow had the will and was breaking free from the wall, trying to drag him forward.
In the Ukiyo-e style, Isaac Newton saw apples falling from the tree, so his eyes reflected the vast universe, and his face showed an expression of enlightenment.
Please generate an illustration: At dusk, in the peaceful Jiangnan water town, an ancient stone arch bridge spans the river. Under the bridge, there is a wupeng boat quietly moored in a watercolor painting style.
An astronaut stands on the red desert of Mars, standing in front of him stands the Leaning Tower of Pisa, tilted at a greater angle than on Earth, with the perspective of Earth in the background.
Photo generated: A heavy steel rhinoceros unexpectedly floated on the water, causing mottled rust to develop on its body.
Generating picture: On the left side of the screen, a woman wearing futuristic armor is staring at the huge holographic city blueprint floating on the right side, showing a cyberpunk style overall.
A busker wearing a dark brown wood-grain patterned jacket holds an old wooden guitar with almost the same color and texture in his arms, against the city's blurred night view in the background.
In animation style, the Statue of Liberty does not hold a torch, but holds a huge red apple in her hand, and there is a small seagull to her left.
An ancient Egyptian-style booth has the Rosetta stone standing in the center, an ancient oil lamp on the left and a roll of papyrus on the right.
A two-person sculpture, on the left is the taller brother than on the right, and on the right is the younger brother. Both of them wear similar futuristic costumes and are carved from smooth white marble.
A male model wearing a Cyberpunk jacket stood in the foreground. A little behind him, another female model wearing the same collection leaned against the railing.
Generate an animation: In the future laboratory, a boy with Einstein-style hair and a robot assistant with a similar hairstyle next to him are conducting chemical experiments together.
A huge ancient tree carved out of crystal. Its branches are transparent glass flutes, and its leaves are solidified colored sound waves.
In the deep universe, a huge mechanical whale hangs above a red planet. As its energy core is about to be exhausted, it opens its huge mouth and swallows a nebula shaped like a jellyfish.
Instead of crawling slowly like a turtle, a huge stone mountain swam freely among the clouds like a whale.
Create a sculpture: In the city square, there are five cats of various sizes, all made of shiny brass metal.
The Memphis design-style environmentally themed poster has the hair and clothes of the characters in the center of the picture composed of various recycled heart-shaped plastic bottles.
A crystal palace suspended in a cosmic nebula, with a broken meteorite belt in the foreground and huge planets surrounding it in the distance, presenting the overall style of steam wave art.
Please design a logo: A fox does not chase a rabbit, but uses its body to surround it in the middle, protecting it, forming a circular icon.
Please design a logo: a mountain range made entirely of transparent crystal, surrounded by a river flowing with liquid gold at the foot of the mountain.
Create a painting: a huge crystal suspended in the air. Due to the resonance of mysterious music, its surface is covered with cracks, and colorful light bursts out of it.
Generating a picture: Please take a still life photo. A classic Newton is placed in the center of the desk. On the left is a neat stack of books and on the right is a cup of steaming coffee. The composition uses a shallow depth of field to present a calm atmosphere.
In portrait photography, a historian stands in front of the Acropolis. He holds a magnifying glass in one hand and carefully observes an ancient stone tablet, while holding the edge of the stone tablet with the other hand.
Please design a Cyberpunk-style weather application interface, where a transparent robot walks on the digital Great Wall with an umbrella, with several similar neon towers in the background.
Please create a photographic work: In a silent and deserted library, light shines through high windows and dust flies in the beam, but a bookshelf collapses strangely and books are scattered all over the floor.
A white jade chess king stands proudly, with a bright red model of the Eiffel Tower on its left, both on a smooth black desktop.
Photo generated: On the Great Wall of the future world, a man wearing a silver spacesuit touches an energy shield taller than the ancient beacon tower next to him.
Next to a broken hourglass, sand flowed out of cracks and piled up into a sand dune that was times larger than the hourglass itself, in a surrealist oil painting style.
Generating picture: A robot made of broken clock parts, whose movements become sluggish because it is running out of power, and the overall steampunk style is adopted.
Generating a picture: Please draw a painting with a dreamy light and shadow art style. In a clear pond, three orange-white goldfish are above the water and five dark blue goldfish are below.
Design a weather application interface in which the tentacles of a jellyfish represent rain and the mane of a lion represent the sun. All icons adopt a unified flat illustration style and are aligned centrally.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic astronaut made of liquid metal is floating in Saturn's rings, its body surface reflecting the bright stars.
Steampunk style, a huge clockmaker carefully restores a delicate model of a city the size of his palm.
On the left side of a social software user's personal homepage, the user's avatar and nickname are displayed, but the dynamic area on the right side does not publish any content, making it very empty.
A hairy koala, but it has huge wings like an eagle, is clutching a pine tree on the edge of the cliff, looking down sharply.
Please generate a picture: In front of the Egyptian pyramids, an ancient sheepskin scroll hangs in the air, next to a modern laptop computer scanning and analyzing the contents of the scroll.
A female detective was standing in the rain, the photo in her hand had been soaked by the rain, black and white film style.
Inside the abandoned factory, a golden sunset passes through the broken glass windows and shines on the ground on the same golden oil stains.
In the crystal clear perfume bottle, an anthropomorphic water drop dancer dances in the center, with ethereal clouds and mist below it.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, an anthropomorphic ceramic tea cup sits on a wooden sill, stretching out its small handle and gently wiping the water droplets on its face.
Generating image: Reconstructing the Egyptian pyramid in a steampunk style. The body is covered with brass gears and complex pipes, and the spire emits a beam of energy.
In a surrealist style, the ancient Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun stood in front of the porthole of the future space station. Because he mistook the stars for a divine world, he was currently gazing sadly at the distant earth.
A red parrot saw another yellow parrot similar to it fly away. It felt lonely and its feathers dimmed.
The Qing Dynasty emperor was shocked by seeing a drone for the first time in the Forbidden City. He put down the brush in his hand and looked up.
A surrealist digital painting shows a huge whale not in the ocean, but floating in the starry universe.
In a fantasy forest, a little bear failed to find honey. It sat in disappointment under a giant glowing mushroom, Pixar animated texture.
In the digital oil painting style, a city made of huge candies is melting because a hot sun hangs in the sky and colorful syrups flow on the streets.
In the evening by the lake, an ancient lighthouse made of stones stands on the left side. The lights at the top of the tower are flashing, and its shadow is reflected on the calm lake surface.
Two huge metal sculptures are placed side by side on the grass, one is a water droplet made of smooth mirror stainless steel, and the other is a square welded of rough, rusty iron sheet, the latter being taller than the former.
Due to the energy overload of the crystal ball, a small light ball floated out of it and floated above an open old book. The light of the two was similar, but its brightness was better.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, an anthropomorphic toothbrush angrily grabs it with its hands and presses it under the faucet because it cannot brush off the toothpaste monster.
On the surface of the moon, five Palace Museum palaces carved out of crystal shine. Due to lack of oxygen, the astronauts patrolling the halls wear gold fish tank helmets.
A huge origami crane gracefully spreads its wings and glides through the sea of clouds, with the artistic style of ukiyo-e.
In Hayao Miyazaki animation style, an ancient ground clock absorbs moonlight, so its hands are rotating in the opposite direction and exudes a soft light.
After a heavy snow, the branches in the forest were covered with snow, like a white coral sea, so the whole world seemed particularly silent. Minimalist black and white photography.
Generating picture: A spiral staircase carved from transparent crystal hovers in an empty starry sky, presenting a dreamy and beautiful artistic style as a whole.
Generate a picture: An orange made of building blocks with a real orange next to it. The two are similar in shape.
An open old book is suspended against a pure white background, the pages are still, and the picture presents a minimalist photography style.
Generating picture: In the court, the defendant suddenly produced decisive evidence, so eleven of the twelve jurors showed shocked expressions, and only one person was expressionless.
In the fantasy art style, there is a magnificent sky city floating above the Egyptian desert. The pyramids below are looming, and a glowing magic river flows from the foreground to the distance.
In a flat illustration style, one hand on the left side of the picture is painting with a blue brush, which is similar to another blue-toned landscape painting hanging on the wall on the right side.
Generating picture: In a fantasy forest, all plants, whether they are towering trees or low shrubs, have their leaves made up of sparkling colored crystals.
Please generate a picture of a polar bear standing on an ice floe, looking at the distant island of Greenland.
An astronaut's body is made up of a flowing nebula, dark purple nebula dotted with bright yellow stars.
Among the futuristic ruins of the city, on the left is a tilted skyscraper, and a robot dog is digging through the rubble on the right.
A brand-new cleaning robot, unable to clean up an unknown type of cosmic dust, is looking down at the old robot next to it, whose robotic arm is smarter than it.
An old-fashioned anthropomorphic alarm clock was shaking anxiously. On the bed next to it, a man turned a deaf ear to its ringing.
Because of the heavy snow last night, a triangular children's slide in the yard was completely covered, and now it looks bigger than the square snowman next to it.
In front of a majestic marble statue of the king, another smaller bronze statue of a clown was bowing comically to it.
On the left side of the frame is a bright desk lamp. Due to the illumination of the light, the vase on the right side of the frame casts a long, clear-cut shadow on the wall.
Imitating the composition of Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa, a woman wears a five-pointed necklace and sits on her left shoulder with a parrot combing its feathers.
The Great Wall of China, composed of colorful Lego bricks, meanders through the vast desert under the stars.
A crystal device from the future, because it successfully connected to the database of the Library of Alexandria, has ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs emerging on its surface.
The shells of a group of snails all turned into perfect cubes, so they all lost their balance and floated quietly in the air like balloons.
Generating picture: An ancient drifting bottle washed up on the beach. Through its glass body, you can see a Titanic ticket rolled inside.
In the surrealist oil painting style, a huge blue moon hangs in the upper left of the crystal forest. Due to its gravity, the candy rain in the sky bends towards the ground.
The achievement unlocking interface of a fitness app has a background illustration showing the user standing in a yoga tree in front of an Egyptian pyramid, with a camel kneeling leisurely on the ground next to it.
Generating pictures: Create a three-dimensional piece of art with a translucent resin pyramid placed on the right side of a weathered wooden base.
An e-commerce advertising picture is divided into left and right parts. On the left is a dull ordinary light bulb, and on the right is a bright and dazzling LED light bulb, with a strong contrast in brightness.
Because of the heavy snow last night, the entire city park was covered with thick snow. As a result, the bronze sculptures and red brick paths in the park looked particularly distinct, presenting a peaceful winter watercolor painting style as a whole.
Because he had stayed up late to read the entire magic book, the young wizard was currently lying on the table and falling asleep. There were also a few empty potion bottles scattered around him.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animated style, a little girl in a yellow raincoat stood quietly at the bus stop. She looked curiously at a gray chinchilla holding an umbrella on the opposite road.
In the foreground, a long-haired girl is holding out her hands, and a puppy behind her is jumping up, trying to reach the tennis ball in the girl's hand with its front paws.
In the minimalist living room, a tall man was hanging a painting on the wall. Because the painting was tilted, a shorter woman behind him was reaching out to help him adjust the angle.
Generating picture: A corgi wearing pilot goggles is proudly driving a banana-shaped go-kart in a clay animation style.
A black chess queen dressed as Cleopatra looked contemptuously at the ordinary white soldier in front of it, in the pop art style.
Photo generated: Two red fighter jets fly low in front of the Egyptian pyramids, but they do not fire at each other.
An ancient water town in the Cyberpunk-style style, with a glowing data waterfall in the center of the picture, and ancient wooden boats hung with neon cages on both sides.
In National Geographic-style photography, an emperor penguin stands alone in the Sahara Desert, gazing at the pyramid in the distant mirage.
A red magic sphere floated in front of the ancient bookshelf. Due to the overflow of internal energy, the space around it was slightly distorted.
Please draw a picture of a transparent glass bottle containing a miniature forest. It is placed in a corner of the desk, and the sun shines through the window.
Van Gogh's starry sky painting becomes a real catwalk background, and the fabric of the model's costumes contains the miniature, swaying cypress trees in the painting.
A woman is by the window of a retro cafe, drinking a latte and working on her laptop, in a warm Japanese illustration style.
An antique clock made of living vines stretches out a hand thinner than a branch and carefully wipes a gear brighter than a diamond.
In the window, a headless mannequin was jumping, trying to catch two dresses flying in the sky with a crying expression printed on them.
A huge snail, carrying a gorgeous Baroque church on its back, crawled slowly in the clouds in a surrealist oil painting style.
The musician on the left side of the picture lowered his head and cried because the body of the violin on his right was shattered, and the tear stains on his face were similar to the shape of the crack on the body.
Generating picture: A dilapidated and rusty ship did not sink to the bottom of the sea, but was slowly rising into the clouds, in Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
A butterfly sculpture made up of many pieces of broken stained glass, but without wings, a pure white background, and a still life photography style.
In the picture, on the left is an old red boat, and on the right is a brand new blue boat. A white seagull is spreading its wings and taking off from the red boat.
In the middle of the ruins of the Colosseum, a huge bronze statue of Venus has a sad expression on its face. Her body is slowly breaking into glass butterflies and flying into the sky.
A crowned ivory queen looks sadly at the fallen king chess piece, Gothic art.
The Great Wall made of candies meanders along Chocolate Mountain. There are no beacon towers on the city wall. There is a river flowing with strawberry milk at the foot of the nearby mountain.
On the beach at dusk, a tired father and son pair were wearing white shirts. They all sat quietly and stared at the distant sea. The picture was an Impressionist oil painting.
Generating picture: A hungry orange cat is trying to open a biscuit box because it smells the aroma and there is an empty overturned milk cup next to it.
The texture of the movie is that in the snow, the gray wolf on the left discovered the hare on the right, but it did not pounce on it, just tilted its head curiously to observe.
Generating picture: In the center of a magical forest, there are three huge glowing mushrooms surrounding an ancient stone altar, in a Disney animation style.
A smooth white marble children's sculpture holds the hand of a cracked bronze sculpture of an old man.
Generate a picture: In the center of a huge circular square, there stands a small pyramidal sculpture, sunny day.
A cracked teapot was leaking, and the flowing tea formed into a pool on the table, reflecting the blue sky and white clouds outside the window.
Generating picture: depicts a quiet early morning by a lake, with mist covering the water and the distant mountains. The overall style is China ink painting.
A huge teacup floated above the Great Wall, but there was no tea in it, but filled with twinkling stars.
On an unfamiliar wasteland planet, a biochemically modified hound stared at the distant energy storm. Sensing the danger within, its mechanical artificial eye emitted a red warning light.
Cyberpunk style, a huge brass steam robot with a tiny glowing mechanical butterfly perched on its arm, behind the robot is the Eiffel Tower at night.
A tired climber finally reached the top. Although he was ragged, his face bloomed with a bright smile from seeing the magnificent sunrise, in a cartoon illustration style.
In the cockpit of the spacecraft, the pilot in the foreground reached out and pressed the red button on the panel, while his companion in the same uniform behind him pointed to the star map in the sky.
A floating city made up of countless abandoned clocks and gears, with a huge, slowly rotating crystal core in the center of the city, in a retro futuristic style.
Generated picture: Three astronauts are reaching out with their hands and touching a floating triangular energy core, in a Cyberpunk style.
In the middle of the empty white room, in a huge glass cube, a man in a suit was running at full speed.
Late at night in the museum, a life-size terracotta warriors were bending down and gently wiping a speck of dust on the glass display cabinet with his fingers. The atmosphere was mysterious and realistic in a movie style.
Generating picture: A heavy rain has just stopped, and the water on the street has not subsided, so the reflection of the street lights appears particularly clear on the water, and the whole scene is quiet and deserted.
A square perfume bottle with rough rock texture was displayed on the booth along with several square rocks with the same texture.
The ancient Egyptian pyramid group is suspended in the air, connected by bright energy beams, and the desert below presents a strange vitrified stillness.
Generated image: A transparent elephant made of glass holds a starry sky and several planets in its body. The elephant is walking above the clouds and below are rolling mountains.
An old nautical map was spread out on the table, and a brass magnifying glass hovered above it, facing one of the islands.
Photo generated: In the autumn forest, five tall maple trees are covered with thick red and orange fallen leaves.
A little translucent monster with a jelly texture, with a round body and large curious eyes, is walking awkwardly, with a 3D cartoon IP image.
Please draw a painting: Paris is covered in snow due to a century snowstorm, the car roofs on the streets look like white buns, and the Eiffel Tower stands in the center of the picture.
IP character design, a cute cloud elf, the bird next to it is not flying, but is clumsily imitating a cat to walk on the ground.
A man had just finished running a marathon. Although he was exhausted, his face was filled with joy of victory.
Create a scene: In a glass display case, tourists are reaching out to touch a terracotta warrior standing with a spear. There is also a kneeling terracotta warrior to the left.
On a wooden desk, an old-fashioned typewriter is placed in the center, with a cup of coffee on its right and a thick stack of old books behind it.
Generating picture: A kitten is playing in the snow. Because it is too cold, its beard is covered with frost. The picture takes on a cold black and white film style.
A transparent glass bottle is placed on the top shelf. The bottle contains an exquisite model of a sailboat, and a curious cat is sticking his head out from behind the bottle.
In the surrealist photography style, a broken plaster geometry rests on the left side of the beach, and its shadow turns into the shape of a flock of birds because it dreams of the sky.
At the bottom of the picture is a glowing mushroom forest. A crystal fox enters the picture from the left, with three transparent dragonflies floating directly above it.
Inside the giant alien relic, an astronaut stands in the center, with the ancient Egyptian Sphinx on his left and a crashed future spacecraft on his right.
A little fox was tired from playing and was curled up in a pile of golden fallen leaves and fell asleep. The sun shone gently on it.
A flat logo design shows a fox in front of the moon, its tail cleverly circling the lower half of the moon.
An interface for a weather forecast mobile phone app has a dynamic painting in Van Gogh's starry sky style on the background, and the temperature numbers are in bright neon fonts.
Please generate a picture: a group of red, blue and yellow anthropomorphic brushes working together to build a rainbow bridge to the clouds, Pixar animation style.
A penguin stands in the Sahara Desert. Because it holds a magic ice cube, it does not feel hot, but looks very comfortable.
A male lion, whose mane consists of spinning autumn leaves, lies on a moss stone, next to a little fox carved from smooth wood.
In the modern minimalist study, bookshelves, tables and chairs are all made of light-colored oak, forming a unified style. The Eiffel Tower can be clearly seen outside the window.
Inside a crystal clear glass pyramid, the entire Forbidden City complex is suspended, surrounded by three small blue planets.
A futuristic city made entirely of translucent colored crystals, with bright blue rivers of light flowing between the buildings.
By the river, two bears are fishing. The fish piled higher next to the patient bear, while the impatient bear slapped the water with its paw vigorously because it failed to catch any.
In the watercolor painting style, there is a little boy in the foreground. Behind him are his parents. The three of them are standing on the top of the mountain, looking at the sunset in the distance.
In Disney's classic animation style, a brown bear found a piece of crystal clear amber and held it up with its thick bear paw.
An empty island floating in the sea of clouds. There is a lovely mushroom hut in the center of the island. In front of the hut is a gravel path leading to the edge of the island.
In the British Museum, a black modern smartphone is placed next to the ancient Rosetta Stone, making the mottled ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs on it increasingly mysterious.
A kitten did not hide in the cat's nest because it was afraid of thunder. Instead, it crawled into its owner's shoes in panic, revealing only half of its furry head.
A mage wearing a starry robe was reaching out with his hands and carefully holding up a small sun made of pure light floating in the sky.
An abandoned alien city, its buildings spiral from the ground, and its overall outline is like a huge conch, full of mystery.
A woman's face was filled with surprise. A kitten was leaping from the armrest of the sofa to her shoulders, against the warm and bright background of home advertising.
Please draw: A heavy anthropomorphic magic book is teaching a small notebook to write. It points to the letters on the notebook with a quill, and there is an inkbottle next to it quietly looking at them.
Image generated: In the candy forest, a chocolate river is so hot that the sugar canes trees on the bank begin to melt and drip.
A crystal mountain peak became transparent because it absorbed too much starlight, and finally a gorgeous rainbow burst out from inside and ran through the entire mountain.
An Art Deco square, frozen due to time, and the splash of water from the fountain hangs in the air. The shape is actually harder than the surrounding marble statues.
A marine explorer wearing the iconic red skullcap swims side by side with a huge whale shark in the deep blue ocean, in a documentary photography style.
Cyberpunk style, the old Albert Einstein and the mechanical cat next to him, their mechanical artificial eyes all flash with the same red warning light.
Create a painting in the style of ukiyo-e: on the left side of the picture is ancient Li Bai, drinking a glass, and on the right side is a modern astronaut, staring at him.
Generating picture: A spacecraft is scanning the energy crystal on the left, so the micro forest contained within the crystal is glowing brightly.
In Pixar animation style, a drop-shaped clock made of transparent crystal hangs in the air, and its hands are made of glowing star dust.
The personal homepage design of a pet social APP has a circular avatar of the user at the top and a three-column grid layout below. Each grid displays a photo of the pet dog with a uniform style.
Please design a pedestrian bridge across the canyon. The bridge body is shaped like a huge sleeping green dragon, and the dragon scales are the bridge deck.
In the interrogation room, a police officer sat behind a table, opposite a suspect, and his lawyer stood to the suspect's left.
A huge abandoned interstellar warship floated in the dazzling nebula, its hull covered with battle scars, cinematic texture, and cool colors.
On the left side of the picture, a little boy is floating in a huge soap bubble, and on the ground on the right side, two boys look up at him in surprise.
Generating picture: A fox is curled up and sleeping on the dense forest floor. The entire picture adopts a soft, dreamy pastel art style.
A huge mountain model carved from white jade. There are no trees or animals on the mountain, only undulating lines and pure texture.
In front of the bookshelf in the study, an old man with a nostalgic smile on his face was reaching out with wrinkled hands and gently stroking a heavy old book.
On the desk, an anthropomorphic alarm clock wearing a doctor's hat was pointing at an open book and earnestly teaching a yawning pencil next to it.
In the ruins of the Colosseum in Rome, a tired archaeologist leaned quietly on a stone pillar. Two stray cats at his feet were competing for food thrown down by tourists.
An elegant man wearing gold-rimmed glasses and a brown jacket was holding a transparent umbrella for a young lady wearing a blue dress.
Please generate a picture: A robot with Einstein's signature hairdo and beard, floating still in front of a huge, glowing model of atoms, lost in thought.
Generated image: A detective discovers a key clue and is so excited that he jumps out of his chair, only to accidentally knock over the evidence board behind him.
A sculpture made of broken stars, a humanoid outline with a non-physical body. He did not stretch out his hand, but faced a huge spiral nebula in the distance.
Generating picture: A tired knight sits alone by a campfire, his head down and his helmet in both hands, against the deep forest in the background.
In the surrealist style, a woman's shadow is projected on the wall. Because there is no love in her heart, the heart of the shadow is a hollow. On her left is a closed door and on her right is a withered plant.
In the center of a fantasy forest, a huge floating island stands still with a white spire higher than the surrounding peaks.
Among the ruins of the ancient Roman Forum, the remaining stone pillars and the Arc de Triomphe constitute the main body. At the foot is the ground paved with ancient stone slabs, and the atmosphere is vicissitudes.
A huge chessboard floating in the universe. The chess piece on the left side of the chessboard is the Eiffel Tower, and the chess piece on the right side is the Egyptian Pyramid.
Due to the shattering of the arch stone, the ancient stone bridge made of huge rocks is collapsing, and the stones fall into the river below.
A futuristic city with heavy air traffic and towering buildings flashing with neon lights, presenting a cyberpunk style as a whole.
Generating poster: A little bear had just tasted the honey jar secretly, but was chased by bees. It ran in panic and looked back, with a painful and aggrieved expression on its face.
Design a poster of a steampunk train crashing through a huge rusty iron gate and driving out of Notre Dame de Paris, sparking sparks everywhere.
A logo design shows a clever owl standing at the top of a stack of tilted books. Because it wants to see further, it does not read a book, but looks into the distance.
Wide-angle photography, with a red phone booth in the foreground and Big Ben in London in the middle, with a man in a red coat standing behind the phone booth. Telephone booths are taller than men.
Generating picture: Scientist Newton is sitting under an apple tree. He does not look at the apples floating above his head, but is playing with the game console in his hand attentively.
Generating picture: On the left side of the picture, an anthropomorphic robot is housed in a life support cabin. Its expression looks very painful because it sees the picture of its hometown being destroyed on the right screen.
Inside a huge glass cube, Leonardo da Vinci looked up at a triangular aircraft floating directly above it.
Photo: An old leather-gloved hand moves the hands of an old pocket watch, creating a suspenseful cinematic atmosphere in documentary style.
On a walnut table, there is an emerald jade bowl on the left and a celadon vase on the right. The two are similar in shape and both present a warm and smooth texture.
Generating picture: A fantasy scene in Hayao Miyazaki's animation-style. In the center of the picture is a huge tree of life. On the left side of the tree is a waterfall, and on the right side of the tree a group of glowing elves are flying.
Please generate a picture: A mountain range made up of huge books. Because one of the books was withdrawn, it caused a small collapse of the entire mountain range. The outline of the ridge resembles the shape of clouds in the distance.
An astronaut made of bronze was reaching out with his finger to touch a floating, melting planet. Because of the planet's high temperature, his fingertips melted and dripped.
A close-up of the animated film shows an anthropomorphic brown raccoon wearing a work uniform and its gloved paws carefully screwing a precision metal screw.
In the movie, in the foreground of the open space in the forest, a huge brown bear sits awkwardly, with three blue birds circling and playing above its head.
In stormy weather, huge waves violently hit the black reefs along the coast, causing white water several meters high.
A retro-style poster shows an anthropomorphic copper gramophone tap-dancing in the center of the stage, and a similar gramophone applauding it in the background.
Art photography shows a young woman wearing exquisite clown makeup on her face. As tears continued to flow down, the makeup was washed out with two black traces.
On a park bench on an autumn afternoon, a cat is taking a nap, a dove is combing its feathers, and a squirrel is chewing nuts. They do not disturb each other and share their leisurely time.
Street photography shows a musician wearing an old jacket playing a guitar, and a stray cat, attracted by his music, curled up quietly at his feet.
Please draw a picture: three anthropomorphic red mushrooms, one of them standing behind the other two, with white spots on top of its head glowing, in a Japanese animation style.
Create a picture: a glowing whale is swimming in a crystal ball, but it does not hit the inner wall, because inside the ball is actually a miniature universe.
Inside an abandoned church, sunlight shines through broken stained glass windows, forming a mottled beam of light that illuminates several old books and a tilted wooden bench scattered on the ground.
Generating picture: A huge bronze sculpture depicts a group of ancient soldiers dressed in the same costumes, and the overall style of classical realism sculpture.
Generating picture: A huge whale skeleton is suspended above the desert, with a similar but smaller size skeleton directly below it, in a surrealist style.
On the left side of the screen, there is a giant mothership made of unknown metal, which is larger than the dozens of frigates on the right. The hulls of all ships are engraved with the same glowing symbols.
In the ruins of a city built of huge building blocks, there is a huge transparent jellyfish dripping with colored pigments suspended, making it cinematic.
Generating picture: A child stands next to the giant Newton, the apple in his hand is bigger than Newton's head, and both of them are in a state of surprise.
An e-commerce booth scene full of high-quality texture. Three bottles of perfume are placed on the round booth in the center, surrounded by some pearls, and the background is a soft gradient color curtain in ins style.
A little girl was running in the rain. Because she stepped on a magical puddle, her raincoat instantly turned the color of a rainbow, and her face showed a surprised expression.
In the cockpit of the spacecraft, a female astronaut immediately entered instructions on the same screen next to her when she saw the red alarm on the left screen.
Through the narrow window of an Egyptian pyramid, a horrified archeologist rabbit watches the formation of a sandstorm outside.
In the Japanese anime style, because the ground was slippery after rain, a girl accidentally slipped. There were several scattered books in the foreground, and she was sitting in the middle, with an empty street in the background.
In the Cyberpunk style, a prosthetic man stood on the street on a rainy night with neon lights flashing, with a tired and determined expression on his face.
Please generate a picture: A huge hippo is afraid of a small crab and is trying to hide behind it, but its huge body cannot be blocked at all.
In the crystal ball, an old wizard showed a strange smile because he had successfully foreseen the future. He saw that all the stars floating in the ball had turned into smiling faces.
In the Ukiyo-e style, Newton did not sit under the apple tree, but in the cosmic nebula, with a miniature black hole replacing the apple and surrounding his contemplative head.
Instead of standing on the stage, a ceramic bear was suspended above a huge wooden cube, trying to make an elegant ballet pose.
A boy curiously opened an ancient wooden box and saw that it was filled with sparkling gold coins. His face immediately showed an expression of disbelief and surprise.
A huge whale made of nebulae is slowly swimming in the universe. Its song can bring life to the surrounding planets.
A giant mechanical dog from an alien planet had a sad expression. Its huge metal claws were gently touching the cheek of a little girl lying on the ground.
A huge clock made of jelly with two carrots on the hands, but it is not hanging on the wall, but slumps lazily on the ground to melt.
Generate a science fiction movie stills: a Cyberg soldier and an ordinary human soldier standing side by side. The Cyberg soldier's mechanical arms are thicker than the arms of the human soldier.
A transparent glass cube is suspended in the air, with a metal sphere hanging in the center of its interior, and a complex gear wall in the background, in a steampunk style.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a baker on the left is looking at the oven on the right in horror. Because the oven temperature is too high, the baker's body begins to melt.
A ballet dancer is standing gracefully on one leg, and a flamingo next to her imitates her posture and also stands on one leg, creating an interesting picture of similar shape.
An ancient bronze robot with an open glass cover on its chest, which contains a miniature model of a bustling city.
Generated image: In a huge alien greenhouse, an astronaut is retreating in panic as plants suddenly begin to glow, next to a six-legged space fox is curiously sniffing the ground, in a Cyberpunk style.
Please create a steampunk style gramophone sculpture, because it is playing music, so the brass gears on the top of it are blooming with metallic roses.
The model wearing a futuristic dress made of liquid metal stood quietly in front of the digital waterfall with a cold expression.
An anthropomorphic recycle bin icon in the software interface has a bulging stomach and a satisfied expression due to eating too many deleted files. It has a glass imitation style.
An astronaut found a delicate rose on barren Mars. Instead of picking it off, he carefully used his helmet to block it from the wind and sand.
Photo generated: A huge red crystal hangs in the center of the bridge of an abandoned spacecraft, with blue arcs flashing on the surface of the crystal.
Generate a miniature scene: An ant is struggling to push down a building block because the building block has not fallen, and another ant next to it is laughing at it.
In a close-up of the movie, a tree made of transparent crystal, its branches are covered with sophisticated brass gears, presenting a surreal style.
A lonely dead tree, due to the slash of lightning, burst out with a strange blue fluorescence from its charred trunk.
In the steam wave art style, the ancient Greek philosopher Plato held a transparent pyramidal crystal in his hand, which reflected the rotating starry sky.
An old anthropomorphic iron robot found itself rusty, so it jumped up awkwardly and tried to oil itself with its hand reaching for the oil can on its back.
Isaac Newton reached out and touched a red glowing apple, so he violated the law of universal gravity he was about to discover and slowly lifted his feet off the ground.
An ancient wooden violin sits quietly on an old wooden table covered with deep textures, their wood grains echoing each other.
Please draw: A mysterious alien cube is activated, causing it and the crystal clusters in the cave to flash with a deep blue light simultaneously.
Generate a photo: Because of a heavy rain, the streets of Paris were wet at night, and the ground reflected the bright golden light of the Eiffel Tower.
A robot made up of used pots and pans is clumsily watering itself. Because its body is rusty, it wants to make itself grow tall quickly.
A brown bear stood on its legs and made the funny gesture of scratching its head in confusion. It was staring at a circular light floating in mid-air in front of it.
Generating game scene: A huge castle stands on the top of a mountain, with a contrasting cabin next to it, in a fantasy style.
A woman's skin has become radiant because of using a newly purchased Star Essence, while the old round bottle next to her looks dull.
Generating picture: In the center of the picture is an open old book, on the left side of the book is a lit retro desk lamp, and the background is a solid color wall, but there are no windows in the picture.
A man in a dilapidated spacesuit is on the left side of the picture. On his right is a brand-new robot, with a huge transparent porthole in the background and a strange red planet outside the window.
Generating picture: A man stands on the edge of a cliff in the foreground, and a woman stands not far behind him. At their feet is an abyss and in the distance is a misty mountain peak.
In the kitchen of the Michelin restaurant, the chef had a serious expression and was using tweezers to carefully place a piece of basil leaf on the exquisite dish, creating a shallow depth of field effect.
Generate a picture of a lonely astronaut operating a floating cube device with his hands in the desolate alien ruins, with all similar stone pillars around them leaning.
Generating picture: Children's illustration style, in front of the Egyptian pyramid, a camel wearing sunglasses on the left and a fox wearing sunglasses on the right.
A tall yellow floor lamp is anthropomorphic, bending over to hug a plump red fire hydrant. The top cover of the two is very similar in shape, in a pop art style.
The side silhouette of a running cheetah, with burning flames in the background, adopts strong contrast and minimalist style.
In the middle of the flooded ancient Roman Colosseum, a mermaid's hand reaches out of the water and gently touches a stone pillar that is grander than modern buildings.
Art photography shows a little girl's shadow projected on the wall, but the shadow was much taller than herself and grew a pair of huge butterfly wings.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic fox is sitting in front of a desk, deftly assembling a sailboat model in a glass bottle with its front paws. The window behind the desk is a starry night sky.
Albert Einstein stood in front of the blackboard, on which he wrote his famous mass-energy equation E=mc. He smiled and looked wise.
A small deer stands by a stream deep in the forest. On its left front is a moss covered stone and on its right behind is a huge ancient tree. Close-up.
A steampunk style octopus with tentacles made of brass gears is wiping a monocle with one of its tentacles while gazing at the holographic Earth projection floating in front of it.
A huge glass bottle contained a surging ocean. A small sailboat was sailing on the waves, and the mouth of the bottle was tightly plugged by a wooden cork with an ancient map pattern.
In a national animation style, in a courtyard of the Forbidden City, there is a small pond in the center and a rockery stands behind it. On the left and right sides of the courtyard door, two palace lanterns of similar shapes were hung.
On the left side of the picture is a dilapidated red brick building, and on the right side is a brand-new glass curtain wall building, which is much taller than the red brick building, in a realistic photography style.
In the surrealist style, a huge bronze alarm clock shed tears of mercury due to its rust. Next to it, a similar-shaped but intact alarm clock was looking at it coldly, with the Sahara Desert in the background.
Design a file management application interface. Multiple similar folder icons are neatly arranged in the form of a perspective grid in three-dimensional space. The icon near is large and the icon far away is small.
Please create a three-dimensional work of art: a red metal cube melts due to high temperature, so it is no longer hard, but instead becomes like a soft pool of jelly.
There was a heart-shaped cake in front of the boy, but he did not feel happy. Instead, he looked confused because there were no candles on the cake.
Generate a picture: As night fell, the street lights on both sides of the street turned on one after another. Under the warm yellow light, a lonely black cat quietly walked out of an alley crisscrossed with light and shadow.
In an abandoned barn, a girl is hiding behind a haystack. On the beam above her head, an owl is turning its head silently.
Three red pandas wearing uniform blue top hats were also lit up because of the discovery of a glowing crystal.
The movie's texture picture shows a man in a leather jacket standing on a street corner, with two similar-looking retro motorcycles next to him, and a dove flying over his head.
Behind a boy stood a huge robot, five times the height of the boy. The boy looked up and waved at it excitedly. Printmaking style.
A huge professional basketball player and a little boy stood side by side. The player's body was several times larger than the little boy, forming a sharp contrast.
A penguin accidentally broke into the hot desert because it was so hot that its body slowly melted like ice cream, in a surrealist oil painting style.
Generating picture: A futuristic stereo is facing a glass of water, and invisible sound waves cause complex ripples on the calm water surface.
Although the little boy looked afraid, he still handed a small piece of candy to a huge monster, which gave the monster a simple smile.
An ancient brass gramophone, with gorgeous nebulae and flowers blooming in the bell mouth, in the Ukiyo-e style.
Generating picture: In the center of the picture is a penguin with butterfly wings. On its left is an igloo and on its right is a cactus.
A cat stared at a goldfish in a glass fish tank, but did not attack because it was fascinated by the reflection of another cat.
Generated image: A futuristic city is shrouded in a huge transparent dome, and a crack is slowly being repaired on its surface.
In the conference room, a group of business people sat around the long table. They were all wearing the same dark blue suits and were having a serious meeting and discussion.
Generating picture: A city made of colored candies sits on a huge marshmallow cloud. Next to it, a jam river is flowing slowly, tapping against the candy walls.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong stood on the surface of the moon, with the American flag planted in the lunar soil in front of him.
Generated picture: On the Great Wall of China, a panda astronaut holds a red candied gourd, and an alien wearing a Tang suit stands next to him.
Generated image: A man made of transparent glass stands in the foreground, his hair shaped like a forest made of the same glass far behind him.
A yellow cordon separated the two people, and a veteran police detective looked at the suspect opposite him with a sharp eye across the cordon.
An astronaut's head made of transparent glass, no unnecessary decorations on the helmet, and the overall minimalist logo style.
An anthropomorphic sun felt cold, so he pulled over a thick cloud quilt and covered himself for warmth.
An anthropomorphic teapot gentleman, wearing a top hat, is gracefully bowing to the lady in the teacup next to him, in a watercolor painting style.
Three Egyptian pyramids are suspended in the sea of clouds. On top of the middle pyramid, there are lighthouses on the left and right.
An astronaut sculpture made of clay floated weightlessly in space, curled up as if sleeping.
A cute little anthropomorphic alarm clock stretches out its hands and gently waters a pot of succulents at the bedside. The warm product advertising picture and soft light.
An anthropomorphic tape measure man wearing a yellow work vest with a small carpentry pencil in the pocket of the vest.
Generated image: In an infinitely endless loop of pure white stairwell, an astronaut is suspended in the air because he is disoriented, his pose imitating a sculpture of the Mobius Ring on the next wall.
An ancient brass alarm clock did not sound due to damaged parts. Instead, it used a pointer to tap the glass next to it, in a watercolor painting style.
In Cyberpunk style, in front of a neon city background, a robot housekeeper wearing a top hat stands on the left side of the screen, and on the right side is a mechanical dog looking into the distance warily.
Generating images: Please create a clay-style 3D sculpture depicting two smiling astronauts wearing blue spacesuits but no helmets.
In the modern and minimalist living room, there is a soft gray sofa in the center, a smooth wooden coffee table in front of it, and a knitted blanket hangs down from the armrest of the sofa and touches the floor at the end.
The movie close-up shows an open Tsar Faberge egg, with a miniature warship model exquisitely placed in the egg shell.
An anthropomorphic rabbit wearing suspenders is standing on tiptoes and trying to hang a red star on the top of the Christmas tree.
Generating pictures: Animated scenes, streets of a future city, windows of all floating cars and buildings are in uniform neon purple.
Generating picture: Please draw a man in a spacesuit, struggling to fly a kite on Mars. At the other end of the kite is a mechanical bat struggling to fly.
A five-pointed star shaped hedgehog sculpture, each of its thorns is a slender cone.
Steampunk style, a brass mechanical owl with wings made of precision gears and eyes glowing retro light bulbs.
On the Great Wall made of transparent jelly, a group of huge mechanical butterflies are flapping their wings and conducting a silent migration.
A chameleon sits on a rainbow, but because it cannot decide which color to turn into, its body takes on a chaotic mottled pattern, abstract logo style.
Please create a picture: In a crystal forest, whether it is the trees or the three huge rocks on the ground, are all made of translucent purple crystal.
A transparent glass cube floated in the air, containing a miniature forest. As the cube slowly melted, it began to rain intermittently in the forest.
In the office, the man in the future is overjoyed by the promotion, and his smile is much brighter than the disappointed colleague in the background.
A public welfare poster shows an anthropomorphic light bulb brighter than the candle next to it. It points its finger at the candle without any proud expression on its face.
A crystal station suspended in the universe, stars forming a shining orbit, and steam formed by nebulae spewed out from the ancient locomotive to different constellations.
A boy's tears were colorful candies that rolled down his cheeks and piled up into a colorful hill on the ground.
In a clay stop-motion animation scene, on the left side of the kitchen table, a cat jumped away in shock when it spilled milk, and the milk was flowing on the right side.
In the center of the picture, a crystal crescent moon hangs quietly. On its left side, several similar stars are made of glowing water droplets.
Five furry alpacas, wearing colorful raincoats and rain boots, stood side by side in a puddle, looking curiously at the camera, surreal.
On the product booth, a Corgi looked in front of him curiously. Behind him was a huge dog claw print made of many small bone biscuits.
In the rich oil painting style, a huge polar bear stands on the ice floe, and the penguin next to it looks extremely small.
Generated image: depicts an alien relic in which all buildings and sculptures are made of translucent liquid metal, presenting a retro science fiction movie style.
In an open paper box, a kitten poked its head out. In front of it was a red wool ball and behind it was a blurred bookshelf.
A glass was placed on the stereo. Because of the bass music playing, the water in the cup shook violently, forming complex and beautiful geometric ripples.
Cyberpunk-style future city streetscape, endless flying cars, neon lights flashing on the streets, and water on the ground reflecting light and shadow.
Please design an interface for a weather forecast app. In the picture, Zhuge Liang is sitting on the cloud, holding a feather fan to summon lightning in a cyberpunk style.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic squirrel is contentedly lying on a branch and waving its big fluffy tail because it has just filled a tree hole with pine cones.
In the Louvre, a girl stands in front of a Mona Lisa painting, holding a heart-shaped souvenir in her left hand, and there are blurred tourist figures in the distance.
Please generate: A simple brown bear wearing a spacesuit is floating outside the window of the International Space Station, and a nimble orange cat swims past it.
Generating picture: A boy is sitting tiredly, carrying a snail shell-shaped backpack bigger than his body, in a warm and healing animated style.
Please draw: Einstein on the left and Newton on the right are both wearing the same plaid shirt, but Einstein seems more confused than Newton because he found Newton's apple floating in the air.
The streets were empty at dusk. The postman did not ride a bicycle to deliver the letter, but leaned against the mailbox and yawned tiredly.
A little boy wearing pajamas with rocket patterns was lying on the windowsill, looking at the starry sky outside the window curiously.
Animated film style, a huge steampunk style brass clock, its minute hand being gently stuck by another smaller gear building, and the overall color is uniform.
A gardener was covered in scratches because he had just trimmed a large rose bush, but he looked at the neat and beautiful garden in front of him with a proud smile on his face.
An animal protection-themed graphic poster design shows a majestic silver-backed gorilla not beating his chest angrily, but gently holding a blue butterfly in his hand.
A huge crystal was suspended in the air. There was a hill below it, but the crystal did not cast a shadow because it was the light source itself.
Generated picture: Because there has just been a heavy rain, the ground on the left side of the street is full of water, but the shops on the right side are brightly lit with warm lights, showing a realistic style with a movie feel.
Generating picture: A detective in the future world, because he cracked the code, the holographic projection wall in front of him instantly became transparent, revealing the secret laboratory behind him.
Create a cyberpunk-style picture of a mechanical cat jumping from the edge of a skyscraper to another building, with a steady stream of flying cars below.
In the movie stills style, an old anthropomorphic alarm clock stopped moving because its battery ran out, and its needle pointed to a similar shooting moment in a family portrait photo on the wall.
For desktop photography, a transparent glass was poured out on the left side, and the red juice from the glass flowed out and soaked the corner of a book on the right side.
In a glass house floating in the sky, a little princess wearing a spacesuit is holding a scepter made of frozen light.
In the vast desert in front of the Egyptian pyramids, a group of penguins wearing pharaoh headdresses are marching solemnly in a neat line.
Generating picture: A metal detector discovered a huge piece of energy ore, overloading its own circuits, and blue sparks are emitting from the body.
Generating picture: On the left side of the children's room, a kitten looks at its tiger's elongated shadow on the wall by a desk lamp. Instead of retreating, it curiously stretches out its claws forward.
A fantasy room with glowing mushrooms hanging from the ceiling, a small pool in the center of the floor, and an ancient bookcase standing on the left wall.
A miniature scene of a clay sculpture with happy dwarves on the left and evil gnomes on the right. The gnome's cave is much more complex than the dwarf's mushroom hut.
The software interface of a music player has a new imitation style. Two similar circular album covers are suspended in three-dimensional space, and one of the covers that is playing is rotating slightly and glowing.
In the documentary photography style, two anthropomorphic hourglasses stood side by side. Because the hourglass on the left flowed faster and there was not much sand inside it, it leaned against the hourglass on the right.
A little fox saw that the grapes were too high to reach, so it pretended to ignore and walked away, as if the grapes were sour.
In the Ukiyo-e style, at the foot of Mount Fuji, a satisfied cat turns a blind eye to the koi in the pond and instead curls lazily and yawns.
In the cartoon scene, a bear wearing a raincoat stood under the bus stop, but the bus it was waiting for did not come, and its expression was a little lost.
In front of the huge alien spacecraft wreckage stood an astronaut. He was smaller than the three alien guards behind him, but the astronaut had no weapons in his hands and looked calm.
On a floating island, a fox sits on the edge of a cliff. It looks not at the sky, but at the surging river of clouds below.
A round alarm clock stood anxiously because it was about to be late, stretching out its pointer-shaped arm and trying to grab the falling calendar.
Above the ruins of a crystal city, a huge, glowing mushroom grows, its height exceeding the tallest dilapidated building next to it.
In a Baroque bronze sculpture, Napoleon rode not a war horse, but a roaring mechanical dragon with a burning Arc de Triomphe in the background.
Photo generated: A firefighter rushed out of the fire, but he did not hold the child, only a dilapidated teddy bear in his arms.
Surrealist style, a huge Mobius ring metal fountain, several crystal fish are leaping out of the liquid metal surface and touching it.
Draw a picture: A huge glowing crystal is suspended in the cave, with a magician jumping under it with his arms outstretched and trying to move it telepathically.
In a surreal space made entirely of matte glass, pyramidal mountains float above the spherical ocean, and everything exudes a soft light.
An anthropomorphic sun and a moon were sitting side by side on the clouds. The sun was on the left, laughing and tapping the moon's shoulder, and the moon was on the right, with its head bowed shyly.
Above the Great Wall of the future world, floating spacecraft and defensive turrets on the walls are made of the same, glowing energy crystals.
A clay stop-motion animation style fox sculpture is wearing a suit like a human being and bowing gracefully.
Generating picture: Because they heard the melodious piano music coming from afar, a pedestrian and a cat stopped and looked curiously at the street corner where the sound came from.
In the ruins of a future city, when purple acid rain fell, the surface of the rusty metal building glowed with a dazzling golden light.
In a red phone booth, a man was making an anxious call. On the left side of the phone booth stood a woman in a yellow raincoat.
A little boy was shivering with cold in the cold wind, so he imagined himself as a warm flame, and an orange halo really lit up around his body.
Please draw a picture: Above the floating Cybercity, a mechanical fox is maintaining balance with open arms. Below it is a shuttle aircraft and surrounded by holographic billboards.
An anthropomorphic celadon teacup, imitating the posture of the Statue of Liberty, contains green tea. There are no books around it, but stands on a plate and holds a small spoon high.
A children's bedroom full of futuristic feelings. The walls are covered with deep starry sky patterns, but there are no sharp table corners in the room. It is full of round and lovely spaceships-shaped furniture.
Please generate an image: a stag made of polished obsidian, with its antlers made of complex gold filigree, standing quietly on the top of a misty mountain peak.
Generated image: A curious fox, its claws resting on a crystal ball, behind it is deep in the dense forest.
Next to a toppled paint bucket, a kitten stepped on it out of curiosity, but its white paws were dyed blue. It was raising its feet in surprise to look at it.
A female knight from the Candy Kingdom, her armor, shield and sword all show a rainbow candy-like luster and texture.
A clever monkey struggled to twist the lid of a glass jar with its claws, but it could not get any nuts out of the jar.
An ancient brass compass, a slender finger is gently pulling its needle, making it slowly rotate on the starry sky map.
Please draw: The ancient Qin Shi Huang stood on the Great Wall, holding a transparent mobile phone made of stardust, and was on a conversation, in a movie-level realistic style.
A programmer jumped up from his chair excitedly because he had just fixed a major BUG, and the code screen behind him burst out with celebrating fireworks.
On a high-end cosmetics booth, there are three crystal glass perfume bottles. Due to the strong aroma, the white silk spread next to them also has a soft luster.
A beautiful music box is spinning, and a robotic hand carefully winds it up, giving the overall steampunk style.
Above the Giza Pyramids, a futuristic technological spacecraft is slowly landing. Due to the heat of the spacecraft's engines, the sand below is beginning to melt into glass, in the style of Hayao Miyazaki animation.
A piece of bread emerged from the wooden box on the left. A squirrel smelled the fragrance and wanted to get closer, but its way was blocked by a pool of water in the middle. It was painted in a realistic watercolor.
Generating picture: A golden retriever stands by a clear pond. In order to get the tennis ball in the reflection in the water, it opens its mouth, and its tennis ball falls into the water.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a penguin housekeeper wearing a monocle is helplessly looking at the clumsy polar bear wearing a funny clown hat next to him.
Generated image: On an abandoned train platform, next to a dilapidated suitcase, a stray cat is stretching, the sun lengthens its shadow.
An environmentally themed poster shows a pangolin curled into a ball, with its scales strikingly similar to the cracked land.
Generating the launch page of a weather APP, a cartoon-style little girl sits on a cloud, fiddling with the sun and moon to switch between day and night modes.
A huge teapot made of transparent blue glass is suspended in the air. Its handle is shaped like a crescent moon, and a winding stream of the same material flows out of the mouth.
In the cultivation chamber of the abandoned space station, a fox covered in silver-white metal scales was curiously sniffing an alien plant that emitted a faint blue light.
An anthropomorphic sad strawberry sits in the foreground, behind it is a group of dancing bananas, and further away a watermelon slice forms the arch in the background.
An anthropomorphic old iron kettle has a satisfied smile on its face. Because of the water it waters, the seedlings in the flowerpot in front of it grow taller than it.
The movie stills show a small teddy bear wearing suspenders standing in front of a huge waterfall. It is looking up at an eagle circling in the sky, in a high-definition realistic style.
In the study, a huge anthropomorphic encyclopedia sits on the top shelf, with a tiny anthropomorphic bookmark on the floor under its feet.
A three-dimensional scene made of white porcelain, with a standing anthropomorphic porcelain puppet in the foreground, its crown made of porcelain fragments, and another similar but broken porcelain puppet in the background.
In a white marble sculpture, a soprano singer opens her arms and her face is filled with passion.
On the sunny street, a lonely umbrella was forgotten, and a small pool of water under it suggested that it had rained not long ago.
There was a huge clay statue of a warrior with a small snake of the same material squatting at his feet, spitting out its tongue.
An Einstein made of transparent crystal is trapped in a boat in a bottle. Unable to move, he enters a meditative state, thinking about the origin of the universe.
William Shakespeare transformed into a punk rock musician, carrying an electric guitar and writing hard on a sheepskin scroll.
A giant whale with butterfly wings hangs above the wasteland city. Its fluorescent spots echo the flashing radiation sources on the ground, full of the eschatological aesthetics of science fiction movies.
A woman was standing on the balcony of a high-rise building. She reached out her hand to the square below. A flock of pigeons were rising from the ground and flying into the sky.
In the foreground, a knight in heavy armor stood at the bridge; not far behind him, a princess made of crystals was looking back into the distance.
Please draw a picture of a glass greenhouse located in a garden filled with morning fog, with scattered tropical plants in the greenhouse.
Above a city street, gravity suddenly reverses in a small area, causing rainwater and leaves to float upward, forming a strange water column leading to the sky.
Generated image: A huge library is built inside a volcano, magma illuminates the bookshelves as it slowly flows across the floor.
In the steampunk style library, a huge armillary sphere made of brass hangs in the center, below which is a table covered with red velvet, and the bookshelves in the distance are filled with books with leather covers.
A city growing upside down is suspended in mid-air, with the spires of buildings facing downward, and there is no one above the streets. Time seems to have stopped.
A corgi wearing pilot goggles stands on top of a retro suitcase with a cartoon-style propeller plane behind it.
A boy jumped up happily because he got a full mark in the exam. His schoolbag was open, revealing five exercise books in the warm Japanese anime style.
In the neon shimmering futuristic city, a remodel wearing a windbreaker stands on the left side of the picture. In the air to his right, a transport spacecraft is slowly landing.
A bottle of lime colored matte glass essence is placed on a crystal ice cube. Fine water droplets are condensed on the surface of the ice cube, giving a fresh C4D rendering style as a whole.
A greedy hamster stuffed his cheek pouches with melon seeds in its cage, so that it could no longer get into its cabin.
A huge steampunk mechanical whale hangs above London, with the famous Big Ben below it, covered with gears and pipes.
A crystal city was suspended in the nebula. Because it absorbed too much cosmic energy, the huge energy tower in the center of the city began to crack, in a Cyberpunk style.
A huge ancient tree floating in the sky. Because its roots absorb starlight, a bright Milky Way is flowing out of the tree hole.
Generating picture: A yellow cat squatting on a wooden fence, looking up at a blue bird flying over its head.
Please design an IP character: a young Egyptian pharaoh who is holding out his hands carefully a miniature version of the Pyramid of Khufu.
In the evening in Paris, the Eiffel Tower lights up brightly, and the Seine River flows quietly under the tower, reflecting the golden brilliance.
Photo generated: Backstage at Paris Fashion Week, a model wearing a velvet dress practices in front of a mirror, with a confident and slightly tired expression on his face.
Generating picture: A transparent glass cup, because it could not withstand the temperature of hot water, a clear crack appeared on the wall of the cup, emitting steam.
When a little rabbit saw a carrot bigger than itself, it was not happy. Instead, it showed a sad expression because it could not move it.
A Leaning Tower of Pisa made of yellow cheese has a few curious mice protruding out of the windows of the tower, presenting a clay stop-motion animation style.
An old wooden hourglass was placed on the table. Although all the sand inside had leaked out, the air around it rippled, as if time was flowing back.
Generating picture: In the center of the picture is a transparent glass bottle. On the left side of the bottle is a string of purple grapes and on the right side is a piece of cut cheese.
An anthropomorphic ivory knight is stroking the weeping obsidian queen with his hands, in a Gothic fantasy movie style with a strong contrast between light and shadow.
A giant hollow meteorite suspended in the nebula, with scattered cities built inside, and a similar but smaller meteorite city in the distance.
Van Gogh's painting shows a frightened crow flying from the lower left corner to the sky in the upper right corner in the wheat field before the storm. There is a lonely house on the distant horizon.
Generate a picture: Please draw a colorful parrot with a red crown and blue wings, perched on a branch full of white flowers, in a watercolor painting style.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a huge orange cat is lying on the sand sleeping, with a small camel standing behind it, in a surrealist painting style.
Above the sea of clouds, a floating island made of huge whale skeletons floated, and countless glowing jellyfish tentacles hung below the island.
Generating picture: A huge book-shaped spacecraft is sailing among the clouds, and a group of mechanical birds are playing and chasing around the spacecraft.
On the British Museum's booth, a robotic hand made of brass gears protrudes from the spine of an ancient leather book as it opens the pages and a delicate paper-carved city rises in the book.
In the sky, a group of jellyfish-like creatures floated slowly. Their translucent bell-shaped bodies were like lanterns, emitting a soft light among the clouds.
In commercial photography style, a lively golden retriever leaps on the sunny grass and opens its mouth to catch a frisbee, showing off its health and vitality.
In the messy living room, the vase was knocked over to the ground. Not only did a cat not panic, it was leisurely licking its paws next to the water stains, with the sofa and bookshelves in the background.
Photo generated: A penguin is tired of the cold, so it puts itself on a pair of mechanical wings and is trying to fly into the tropical jungle.
During the Renaissance, Leonardo da Vinci had a contemplative expression on his face as a white dove spread its wings and prepared to land on his outstretched arm.
A transparent elephant made of glass, with no internal organs in its body, but filled with colorful candies, a surrealist painting.
In the autumn park, golden fallen leaves are rolled up by the wind and gently covered on a bench, in a retro film photography style.
Generated image: A huge whale is floating in the clouds, with a miniature forest growing on its back. Because the forest absorbs water, it starts to rain around the whale, Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a penguin from the Antarctic stands under the Eiffel Tower. It is wearing no hat and is holding a baguette between its fins.
Art photo: After a heavy snowfall, everything in the forest is silent, except for the chimney of a small wooden house that is emitting curling smoke.
Generate an art photo of a hand wearing white gloves gracefully arranging the bowtie tie on the chest of a sitting Persian cat.
On the empty status page of an APP, the anthropomorphic magnifying glass icon was dejected because no content was found. The interface was simple and the new imitating and materializing style was new.
A huge glass bottle contains an orange desert. The cactus in the desert all show distressed expressions. They don't seem to like this surrealist home.
In front of the Egyptian pyramid, two anthropomorphic ancient Egyptian mural figures are happily taking selfies with their mobile phones, in a documentary photography style.
An old man sits in an old convertible with wrinkles on his face, as full of the traces of age as the cracked leather on his seat.
Please draw a surrealist painting: an owl, immersed in thought because of the memory of a fish, perched on a branch, its wings made of dense fish scales.
An environmentally themed poster shows a giant polar bear made of colored origami dancing awkwardly on a glacier, while penguins in the same origami style applauded it.
Please generate a picture: On the left of an astronaut is a real moon and on the right is a similar-shaped moon made of countless glowing butterflies.
A huge whale skeleton forms the dome structure of the museum hall, and sunlight shines through the gaps in the skeleton and illuminates the entire space.
An environmentally themed minimalist poster shows a polar bear standing helplessly on an ice floe in the foreground as the glacier is melting in the background due to global warming.
An e-commerce poster has an empty square crystal perfume bottle on the left, and a similar bottle filled with pink liquid on the right. Because it is full of fragrance, the bottle exudes an alluring glow.
A cyberpunk-style throne made of countless used mechanical parts. As it felt the owner's approach, all gears began to rotate slowly and glow.
A little boy was overjoyed because he got a full mark in the exam, and the sky above him turned into a colorful candy color, and the clouds turned into the shape of cotton candy.
Because it had been snowing all night, in the early morning, the roofs and streets of the entire city were covered with thick snow, making it particularly peaceful and peaceful.
An astronaut did not look at the earth behind him because the nebula in front of him resembled a spreading butterfly, and the picture was Cyberpunk style.
A fantasy city made of colored candies, all buildings have smiling expressions, and the overall color is a unified macaron color system.
A classic-style bronze sculpture, a woman holds an unopened jewelry box with a ring in the hand.
Generate pictures: Please design an advertising picture for a high-end perfume. A slender hand is picking up the bottle in the middle, its posture echoing the elegant curve of the perfume bottle, and the same series of products are on the left and right sides.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, a little girl is wrapped in a huge transparent bubble that is slowly floating over a dense forest.
Generating picture: On the left side of the picture, a cat is staring at the bird cage on the right side, but because the cage door is open, the canary in the cage boldly looks at it in the eye.
A gorgeous humanoid sculpture made of broken lenses turns slowly and gracefully in the spotlight, its body reflecting colorful light.
A fairytale hanging garden with two huge castles, one significantly grander than the other, and five smaller islands floating around it.
A girl with long hair is surrounded by gorgeous vines and flowers. Her eyes are melancholy and ethereal, in the style of the Art Nouveau movement.
A miniature urban landscape made of various books, with the novel area on the left and the poetry area on the right. The tallest building is a thick dictionary because it is the most knowledgeable.
Generating picture: In the bright living room, a little boy is looking dejectedly at the cake in front of him that is much smaller than his brother's, while his brother next to him smiles proudly. They are all wearing the same striped T-shirt.
A group of swans swim gracefully in the center of the lake, their ranks arranged in a perfect heart shape in the center of the picture.
A anthropomorphic alarm clock, which was ashamed to cover its face with the pointer because it overslept and failed to wake up its owner, presenting a flat illustration style.
In the Baroque interior courtyard, a peacock is gracefully perched on a bench made entirely of white coral, its gorgeous tail feathers spreading out to resemble a starry sky chart.
In the forest, two bears of very similar appearance are sitting side by side. One is reading a book carefully, and the other is curiously poking the mushroom next to it.
In the documentary photography style, due to the sudden heavy rain, a girl in a school uniform ran into a phone booth to take shelter from the rain, and her expression seemed a little lost and helpless.
In a galaxy filled with stars, all planets, meteorites and small boats are made of soft and fluffy colored marshmallows.
In front of the Egyptian pyramids, a pharaoh wearing a futuristic spacesuit raises his scepter. To his left stands a tall Anubis robot with Starfleet in the background.
The advertising poster shows a koala wearing a spacesuit playing discs on a floating cube booth. It is surrounded by neon rings behind it, and in the distance is the blurred night view of the city.
In a wood carving work, a squirrel stands at the top of a tree stump. On the ground directly below it is a carved acorn.
In the clay sculpture, a boy looked sad. The hound beside him was more anxious than him. It kept rubbing its head against its owner's hand.
Generating picture: In the center of the picture, a huge cube hangs, stretching out a light band as an arm, trying to pick up a smaller, smooth-surfaced sphere below.
In a hollowed old book, there is a miniature city. There are two similar steeple bell towers in the city. The hands of the bell tower are glowing fireflies.
Generate a picture: depicts a neat city square, with a row of same-looking newsstands on the left and a row of blue benches with a uniform style on the right.
A cartoon bear wearing suspenders did not cover his eyes with his hand, but playfully used his fingers to make a victory gesture.
Generate a picture: Please design a scene for a perfume advertisement. A man is standing in the foreground, a bottle of perfume is placed on a table not far behind him, and the distant view is a blurred night view of the city.
An old-fashioned anthropomorphic alarm clock was waving its arms anxiously and shouting at the motionless pillow on the distant bed.
Generating an epic oil painting: In front of the Pyramid of Khufu in Egypt, a camel is looking up at the spire, its huge body looks extremely small against the backdrop of the pyramid.
In the animation scene, a huge circular gear is located directly below the screen. There is a square iron box on its left and a triangular warning sign on its right.
In a cave made of glowing crystals, an astronaut hangs in the air, stretches out his hands, and directs the floating crystal choir.
Generating picture: To accompany the children's book, there is a brown bear in the center of the picture, with a honey jar on its left, a little rabbit on the right, and a flying bee on the top.
The white-haired old scientist, with a precision mechanical artificial eye in his left eye, is lovingly putting a wreath on a robot child.
Generating picture: There is a goldfish in a glass fish tank. It is swimming upward and gazing at a red cherry on the table outside the fish tank.
A girl with mint-green hair, wearing a matching dress, was blowing a huge, also mint-green bubble gum.
A woman in a classical robe was carefully holding up a river made of liquid metal with her hands.
Generate a picture: Please draw scientist Newton sitting under an apple tree. He stretched out his right hand and used his mind to float an apple above his palm.
Design a clay sculpture: an anthropomorphic glass bottle with a small ocean inside its body and a miniature sailboat sailing inside.
Please create a painting: A girl in a glass dress is stretching out her slender fingers and gently touching a drop of water floating in the air.
An ancient brass astronomer hangs in the center of the library in the starry dome. Its planetary orbit is not a planet, but glowing magic runes.
An anthropomorphic old-fashioned camera, wearing a top hat and leaning on a crutch, walks down the black-and-white film-style street.
Because clues were discovered on the ceiling, a short detective was being carried on his shoulders by his tall companion for closer observation.
Generate a picture: a huge golden hourglass suspended upside down in the starry sky. The sand inside has solidified and no longer flows.
A huge sea turtle, carrying a futuristic city made of transparent crystals on its back, is swimming in the stars.
A cute kitten wearing a spacesuit, with a small blue planet floating in front of it, in a flat icon style.
A hairy squirrel carefully held a crystal clear blue berry in its front paws, the light of the berry reflected in its eyes.
A steampunk style bronze octopus sculpture with sophisticated brass gears and pipes cleverly integrated on all eight tentacles.
Generating picture: There are two kittens and a puppy in the yard, both wearing small yellow hard hats and looking up at the sky.
A clay sculpture is in the shape of an Egyptian Sphinx, but it does not have a pharaoh's head. Instead, it has a simple bear's head, so the overall feeling is very funny.
Please generate a clay three-dimensional model: a tree man with antlers, but instead of ignoring it, he stretched out his branch-like hand from a hollow tree hole and carefully caught a falling chick.
A future knight wearing high-tech armor made of bamboo does not hold any weapons in his hand, but is concentrating on weaving a wreath.
A slightly larger red fox stood warily because the little white fox with a similar posture behind it was even less courageous.
Please draw a picture: Two similar crystal mountains stand above the sea of clouds. As a waterfall continues to wash the mountain on the left, the mountain is slowly becoming transparent.
Cyberpunk style, a floating robot cube scans an abandoned spacecraft, its holographic projection in front of the spacecraft.
In the watercolor painting style, a little girl in a spacesuit blows colorful soap bubbles on the surface of the moon, and the bubbles surround her like planets.
Generating picture: In a crystal cave, colorful moss grew on the walls of the entire cave because an explorer touched a glowing purple crystal with his hand.
At the foot of the Great Wall, there are ancient pine trees of similar shape on the left and right. Although it is winter, there is no snow on the ground, but a layer of thin ice has formed due to freezing rain.
In a retro poster style, a man stands in front of an old car, and the women and children behind him are also wearing plaid shirts and smiling.
Please create a painting: On the beach before the storm, dark clouds are covered and surging waves are beating against the rocks, and the picture is in a romantic style.
On the chessboard made of black and white squares, there is an open book on the left, and a white warchess piece on the right is holding a magnifying glass, as if studying the chess game in the book.
A woman in an elegant evening dress stood in the center of the stage of the Classical Music Hall. On her left was a grand piano and in the distance was an empty red auditorium.
A dancer made entirely of transparent glass danced on the flowing liquid metal floor with several pieces of paper music scattered around her.
Generating picture: A transparent glass piggy bank is placed on a wooden table. Because it is already filled with coins, some coins overflow from the slot and are scattered on the table.
The shadow of a little girl ran away because she was afraid of the darkness, so she bravely lit a starlight lamp to find it. The texture of a Pixar animated film.
Please generate a photo: In a huge glass greenhouse, all the plants are in white flowers, and a gardener is climbing a ladder to prune the vines hanging from the roof.
A huge mechanical whale is swimming in the nebula, its transparent abdomen containing a complete forest ecosystem.
Generate pictures: Please design a logo, an anthropomorphic Egyptian pyramid that grows eyes and legs, is walking mysteriously, and has a flat style.
Generating picture: In the ruins of a Cyberpunk-style city, five giant mechanical trees bow their heads sadly because of the exhaustion of energy.
On the user profile page of a game application, because the player has just unlocked a rare achievement, his round avatar box is surrounded by dynamic fire effects.
A group of penguins saw a man in a black and white suit and mistakenly thought he was the same kind, so they moved closer to him curiously.
Create a game scene: an anthropomorphic evil vending machine with an anthropomorphic, scare-looking can of cola trapped in its glass window.
A huge iron ball stood firmly on a fragile glass. Due to the squeeze of its weight, slight cracks were emerging on the surface of the glass.
A modern and minimalist style booth is used to display high-end skin care products. The background is clean and there is no debris, and only a soft top light focuses on the products.
Generating picture: A tourist is standing under the Eiffel Tower in Paris, moved to tears when he saw the magnificent scenery in front of him. The picture is in a warm oil painting style.
In an open glass bottle, a miniature forest is molded with clay. Under the scattered clay trees, several round clay pebbles lie.
An anthropomorphic red London telephone booth, with a sad expression, stretched out a telephone cord like a hand and gently stroked a faded photo posted on its glass door.
A city of giant fruits, lined with pineapple skyscrapers and watermelon domes, and a river of bubbling strawberry soda flowing through the streets.
Generating pictures: Please draw a still life, a simple pottery jar with no flowers in it, and the overall style is Impressionist pointillie.
A white-haired old painter stood side by side with a young apprentice. Although the apprentice's paintings were brighter, he still stared at the teacher's paintings with full respect.
Generating picture: A young swordsman and an elderly warrior confront each other across the courtyard. The young swordsman looks nervous, while the elderly warrior looks more calm and calm.
Sensing a distant threat, a Cyberg Scout's mechanical prosthetic eye instantly emitted a red warning light, and a holographic map unfolded in front of him.
Generate an e-commerce advertising picture: A display stand made of three marble squares has a black slightly and a similar white slightly behind it.
A man leaned against a black metal sports car. The glass building behind him reflected the blue sky and its outline was very smooth.
In a surrealist clay city, the sky rained candy, so the surfaces of all buildings began to melt and become colorful.
The heavy rain stopped, but the pedestrians on the street did not show joy. Instead, they stood with solemn expressions and looked at the horizon, in the style of a documentary movie.
In the foreground, a tall swordswoman stood in the center of the picture. Behind her to the left, stood a young mage who was a head shorter than her.
Although it was snowing heavily outside, the man wearing only a thin T-shirt stood straighter than the passerby wrapped in a thick cotton-padded jacket beside him.
Instead of panicked by weightlessness, a man floated calmly in the air, the shadow behind him elongated into the shape of a tower.
Image generated: An astronaut is running on the deserted surface of the Red Planet, rushing desperately to the distant return capsule after dangerous gases have been detected.
In the Ukiyo-e style, an anthropomorphic white fox wearing blue armor stands on the top of Fuji Mountain, holding a samurai sword in its hand, and its expression is serious.
Please create a sculpture: a dwarf wearing a triangular hat, and the mountains and tents behind him are also triangular, in a low poly style.
Generating picture: A gaunt astronaut is sitting on a deserted sand dune on Mars. Missing his home on earth, he uses his fingers to draw a blue flower on the red sand, in a surrealist style.
A girl in a spacesuit stands under a huge mushroom, with a glowing rabbit on her left and a stream flowing with stars on her right.
A Rubik's cube carved from smooth white marble is on the left, and a Mobius ring of the same material is on the right, placed on the black booth.
A king's head logo wearing a crown, with a minimalist line style, gold and black color matching, demonstrating honor and power.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a rainbow-colored fox shows a cunning smile, with many translucent blue bubbles floating behind it, and a glowing mushroom in the corner of the foreground.
A rabbit wearing an exquisite embroidered robe is not eating carrots, but is gracefully practicing calligraphy.
A lady wearing a retro dress with a smile stood in front of an old bookstall on a street corner in Paris carefully selecting books, in a warm Japanese movie style.
A woman placed two boxes in front of her. One was a smooth metal box and the other was a rough wood box. The metal box was smaller than the wood box.
Albert Einstein was not sitting at his desk. He was holding a huge apple with a miniature starry sky pattern on its surface.
In an abandoned courtyard, cracked Roman columns have similar patterns to the dry and cracked land next to them.
In the Japanese animation style, on the street after school, two girls wearing the same school uniform stood side by side. They looked up at a cloud in the sky together.
Watercolor painting style, on the left side of the picture, a girl wears a white ceramic mask bigger than her face, with a sad expression painted on the mask.
Generating painting: Three clay sculptures of the same material. The left and middle ones are arguing fiercely, so the sculpture on the far right covers its ears in pain.
An abstract flame logo consists of five geometric shapes of different sizes, but the colors and stroke thicknesses of these five shapes are exactly the same.
Photo generated: The majestic Cleopatra stretches out her arm wearing a gold bracelet, and a nimble cobra is sticking its head out of the bracelet and spitting out its tongue.
Please draw an alien colonist and his robot servant. The colonist's spacesuit is even more dilapidated than the robot's metal shell, but the expression on his face is more confused than it.
A huge cube-glass room with no water but a small fish floating in it. It is swinging its tail and trying to swim towards the spherical coral hanging from the ceiling.
Generated image: depicts a complex brass armillary sphere in steampunk style, with several gears of varying sizes floating far behind it.
A set of ceramic tea cups of the same style were suspended in the air and slowly rotated around a glowing teapot to form a circle.
On top of a haystack, an orange cat is sleeping soundly. In front of the haystack, a hen is pecking rice on the ground. In the distance, there is a red barn.
Please design a poster for a science and technology festival: The clouds on the left side of the picture are raining, but since the raindrops are all miniature light bulbs, when they fall to the ground on the right side, they light up a piece of grass.
A painter was standing on a ladder because the canvas was so huge that he could only reach the top of the canvas. The whole picture was in the style of Fauvism oil painting.
At night, the top of the Giza Pyramids emits a purple traction beam connected to the alien mothership, and the sand dunes are covered with strange glowing plants.
In the center of the abandoned living room, on the dark red carpet, the hands of an antique clock were still, while the white roses on the table next to them were blooming brightly.
Please generate: An owl made of brass gears noticed that the pocket watch on its chest was no longer moving and was lowering its head to repair it with its beak.
A cloud made of marshmallows is raining colorful sugar needles over a gingerbread house city.
Photo generated: The head of a young kangaroo sticks out from the pouch of a mother kangaroo, with the Sydney Opera House in Australia in the background.
Generating an animated scene: A squirrel wearing overalls is flying into the sky with it because it successfully repaired a flying acorn.
Generated image: Futuristic style. Because the spacecraft encountered gravity abnormalities, two astronauts urgently summoned Newton's holographic projection. One of the astronauts was taller than the projection.
Generating picture: On a wooden table, on the left is a tea cup carved of ice, with steaming air rising from the mouth, and on the right is an unopened book.
On the vast green grass, under a huge oak tree, there is a small blue children's bicycle parked.
Please design an interface for a weather application: A 3D model of an astronaut floating in front of the earth, and his projection appears to be larger than the earth.
In the shadow of the Egyptian pyramid, a penguin smaller than the camel next to it is performing Tai Chi in a dignified manner.
A father-son pair, wearing the same overalls, are repairing an old-fashioned car together in a retro poster style.
On a tiled desktop, there is a red apple in the upper left corner, a string of purple grapes in the lower right corner, and an open book in the middle.
An anthropomorphic clay sculpture of a rabbit does not run, but stands on one leg on the shoulder of another rabbit, posing as a golden rooster standing on its own.
In Pixar animation style, two little astronauts waltz awkwardly on the surface of the moon, with the giant blue earth behind them.
In the snow, a fox is on the left side of the picture, quietly gazing at the rabbit in the distance on the right, in a documentary photography style.
Generating picture: Please draw an Apollo astronaut planting a flag on the surface of the moon, and the distant earth is suspended in the dark universe.
In the movie screen, a crystal bottle without a bottle stopper contains a rotating fuchsia miniature galaxy, with a real texture.
Generating picture: Because he had just won a difficult chess game, the white-haired old man was so excited that he shed tears, close-up.
A group of huge crystal turtles, carrying a glowing forest, floated in the nebula, one near and two far away.
A crystal girl was sitting on a wooden chair. Due to her inner sadness, cracks began to appear on her body from her chest. The mirror in front of her reflected her shattered reflection.
Generate a science fiction movie stills: An astronaut discovers a huge cube-shaped mysterious device on the surface of an alien star. He curiously reaches out and touches it.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot wearing a top hat is walking carefully on the front edge of the table. Behind it is a pile of stacked books.
Much of the water in the pond evaporated due to the hot weather, causing the fish that originally lived in the water to float on the dry mud floor with their bellies turned over.
In the clay animation style, a boy is floating in the deep sea. In front of him, a huge glowing jellyfish is slowly shrinking and expanding its tentacles, with the background of the sunken city ruins.
On the personal homepage interface of a social application, a round card displays a smiling head of a young man, and the overall design style is minimalist.
A woman in a blue robe stood in the center of the room, countless golden paper butterflies spiraling up from her feet and surrounding her.
In a Nordic-style children's room, a little rabbit is looking curiously at the baby sleeping in the cradle from a distance away.
In the cockpit of an alien spacecraft, an orange cat was on the left side of the console. It curiously touched a glowing plant on the right, causing it to start glowing too.
In the video calling software interface, a man is located in the center of the screen. On the virtual bookshelf behind him, two similar digital photo frames are placed side by side, showing the Eiffel Tower and the Leaning Tower of Pisa respectively.
As the spell was activated, the runes on the pages and cover of an open magic book emitted faint blue light, showing the overall Gothic artistic style.
An elegant lady wearing a long golden fish scale dress stood in front of the huge glass curtain wall of the aquarium. A golden arowana was swimming past behind her. The scales and color of the two were almost identical.
On a clean wooden dining table, there was an exquisite white porcelain plate, but there was no food on the plate.
In the steampunk style, a giant turtle carries a steamy brass city on its back, and the gears in the city are slowly rotating.
Generating picture: depicts a warm family gathering scene where everyone at the table, whether adults or children, is wearing the same red plaid shirt.
An ancient hourglass is filled with stars instead of sand, which slows down the passage of time. A crystal tree grows under the hourglass, in a surrealist painting style.
After the floodwaters receded, cars and shop windows on the streets of the city were covered with mud marks.
On the streets of the future city, the holographic billboard on the left side is flickering due to energy leakage, causing a similar-looking billboard on the right side to begin to flash on and off.
A fantasy city made of huge candies and biscuits is shrouded in a transparent glass dome. On the left side of the dome is a rainbow bridge connecting the clouds outside. The overall style is bright fairy tale animation.
Generated picture: In animation style, a chubby orange cat is lying on the grass, next to it is a pumpkin that looks exactly like it. The orange cat is wearing a small blue hat.
Please create a three-dimensional work of art: a winding ancient Egyptian temple colonnade, shaped like a giant DNA double helix structure. The colonnade is made of sandstone, and the ground is a glowing nebula, in a clay sculpture style.
In the future city of cyberpunk-style, the entire city fell into darkness due to a major power outage, but two huge holographic billboards did not go out and still glowed with strange lights.
Generated image: A mechanical owl made of precision golden gears with geometric fan wings in a steampunk style.
Generating a painting: A glass bottle contains a miniature version of the Egyptian pyramid. Because it is raining in the bottle, the surface of the pyramid becomes moist and smooth, surrealist.
On a floating island, a cat has butterfly wings growing behind its back, but it does not fly. Instead, it sits quietly on the edge of the island, overlooking the galaxy below its feet.
A teacup carved from obsidian contains a rotating colored nebula, and the rising heat transforms into fleeting tiny constellations.
An anthropomorphic rabbit made of exquisite ceramics runs inside a glass-domed landscape box. The base of the rabbit and landscape box both have a uniform blue pattern.
On the left side of a dark wooden table top, a silver dining knife was cutting into a bright red strawberry cake, and a white porcelain plate was placed next to it.
Please create a sculpture. The boy on the left side of the picture reaches out his hand and points to the girl praying on the right, with a distance between the two.
An anthropomorphic rabbit postman was too tired of delivering letters, so he leaned against a roadside mailbox to rest. A butterfly landed gently on its nose.
Instead of pouring out hot tea, an anthropomorphic teapot was wrapping its body tightly with its lid because it felt cold.
A whale whose body is composed of flowing nebulae is slowly swimming in the deep universe. Its body is dotted with shining stars, and it has an epic oil painting style.
In the center of a minimalist room, a huge glass ball is suspended, with a huge stone hand carefully holding a glowing sapling.
A rabbit stood in front of a huge carrot, but it did not eat because there was a sleeping fox behind it and the atmosphere was tense.
Please design a logo: A fox's mouth was dyed purple because it stole grapes. It is looking back guiltily and adopts a flat design style.
Generating picture: In a minimalist living room, an anthropomorphic armchair deliberately kicks over the vase next to it because it hates the coldness here.
A graded-color feather carved from transparent crystal transitions from a dark purple at the base to a bright orange at the tip, used as a minimalist logo.
A huge mechanical dragonfly sculpture made of used gears and clockwork rests on a cement flower much smaller than it.
A kitten with a puzzled expression was reaching out its paw to touch a ceramic cat decoration that looked similar to it.
A music festival poster with a burning electric guitar in the center of the poster. The flames were blazing and full of power.
Because the shell was soaked by rain, a robot made of cardboard boxes sat sadly in the corner, with several falling screws scattered on its left side.
The annual rings of a tree are shaped like diffuse sound waves, flat vector illustration style logos, and soft Morandi color systems.
Generate an environmentally themed poster: an anthropomorphic earth with blue tears flowing, holding a green sprout in both hands, designed in Memphis style.
In front of the Egyptian Pyramid, a tourist thought he could run faster than a camel, so he tried his best to chase after him. As a result, the camel simply trotted leisurely and easily left him behind.
A little boy knew that the compass would always point north, so he placed a square compass on the top of a circular globe to calibrate the direction of the globe.
A cracked blue and white porcelain vase, although it was damaged, still contained a bouquet of brightly blooming flowers.
In the empty room, a little boy did not cry because he could not find his beloved toys, but paced back and forth anxiously on the floor.
Generate pictures: Please design a minimalist children's room. There is a huge panda doll lying on the floor in the center of the room, and a moon-shaped chandelier hangs directly above it.
A fat orange cat with butterfly wings and a slender hound with a crown look at each other on the grass in a watercolor style.
In an ancient library floating in the universe, the bookshelf on the left side is empty because all the books are floating in the center and are not affected by gravity.
In front of the picture is a lively girl in a bright dress. The kind grandma behind her is dressed simply. The girl's clothes are brighter than grandma's, and it has a warm picture book illustration style.
Generating picture: A brown bear stands in front of the Egyptian Pyramid, with a lone palm tree on its right.
In the scene of a science fiction movie, a soldier wearing futuristic armor, his eyes focused, his arms stretched out, and he controlled a huge piece of metal floating in the air.
In a huge transparent bubble, there were two boys. One was laughing and the other was crying, but the bubble was not floating in the air.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a woman dressed in a white kimono shed tears because she missed her lover in the distance. The tears dyed her long black hair a melancholy blue.
Generating pictures: Please create a clay sculpture, because it is rusty, and an anthropomorphic wrench is gently wiping a fragile glass heart with a cloth.
After the disaster, in the empty ruins, three survivors gathered around a bonfire to keep warm, looking tired.
In a clay sculpture, a slightly larger rabbit stands in front of a small rabbit. The two rabbits are very similar. The big rabbit holds a carrot in its front paws.
A cat couldn't reach the fish tank on top of the bookshelf, so it looked down at the reflection on the floor and tried to grab the fish from it.
A huge marble sculpture, based on Greek mythology, depicts the fierce scene of Hercules fighting the Hydra.
A fully armed diver sits blankly on a park bench, with two curious squirrels at his feet, and the bustling city streets in the distance.
A anthropomorphic alarm clock was tired of noisy work every day, so it grew legs, carried a small suitcase, and was about to slip away quietly.
An ancient stone puppet picked up a broken magic mirror, so its body was no longer a rock, but reflected the bright starry sky around it.
As the first domino was pushed down, an entire row of pure black dominoes was falling down in a chain. High-speed photography captured this moment.
A flat-style logo with the silhouette of the famous scientist Newton, sitting under an apple tree made up of countless small triangles.
A flat-style logo with a sleeping fox curled up in a circular outline. Its tail is like a ball of flames, but its body has no complex texture.
In the huge library floating in the sea of clouds, rows of bookshelves are like continuous mountains, with a strong ink painting style.
Please create a photo: In the foreground, an anthropomorphic teapot gentleman is pouring tea for the cup lady next to him; behind them, a sugar jar and biscuits are chatting in a low voice in the distance.
An eagle stretching its wings and preparing to dive is outlined with smooth geometric lines and presented as a minimalist logo.
Generating game characters: Leonardo da Vinci held a glowing magic rune box. As he understood the mystery, wings made of starlight spread out behind him.
An astronaut's helmet broke, but what poured out was not air, but a miniature universe of countless shining stars and colorful nebulae.
A public welfare poster design shows a stray kitten curled up in a cardboard box, and a warm home is painted on the wall next to it.
In the deep cave, an alien plant emits a faint blue light, and the glowing patterns on its leaves are exactly consistent with the ancient circuit diagram on the floating metal cube next to it.
There was a piece of cake on an exquisite white plate. It was neither chocolate-flavored nor fruity. Next to it was a cup of steaming coffee, with an oil painting texture.
The central altar of the ancient ruins collapsed, and the mysterious liquid it poured out gathered on the ground to form a shining stream similar to the Milky Way.
Generating picture: In the center of the screen, a pair of robotic hands are about to complete the restoration of a third-order Rubik's cube. As the puzzle is solved, the cube Rubik's cube begins to shine, and a disrupted Rubik's cube is placed on its left side.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a fully armed ancient soldier threw away the spear and shield in his hand because he was afraid of a small caterpillar.
An abstract sculpture made of transparent glass and metal thread, shaped like a bird's wings, was placed on a pure white booth, presenting a futuristic style as a whole.
A greedy little bear ate too much honey and got stuck in a tree hole because its stomach was too big. It looked distressed and had a Pixar animation style.
A furry cat is squatting on a wooden bench with a ceramic flowerpot in front of it and a lush courtyard in the background.
In the ink painting style, a clever anthropomorphic fox understood the game manual and was picking up a black spot with its paws and preparing to land on the Go board in front of it.
Please create a painting: in front of the Egyptian pyramid, an anthropomorphic antique suitcase containing a miniature starry universe in the style of Pixar animation.
In the foreground, a tall father looked back at his short son behind him, who was pointing curiously at the distant mountain peak.
Seeing a shining candy, a ceramic teapot suddenly pounced forward like a cat. Its round body drew a lovely arc in the air.
The flat logo design style has the majestic Mount Fuji and the rising red sun as the background, and a winding river and several pine trees in the foreground.
The flames in the fireplace were blazing, so the room was warm. A golden retriever was lying on the carpet in front of it, looking at a ball under the sofa from afar.
An anthropomorphic transparent glass jar contains many colorful little jelly people who are having a party.
Generating painting: A young mage, hands suspended in the air, is casting a spell to make a crystal ball float in the air. His expression is very focused and watercolor style.
Steampunk, a detective wearing a monocle whose mechanical prosthetic limbs are more flexible than ordinary arms, can easily retrieve letters from a complex cipher box.
A statue of a chess king made of glowing lava is holding a scepter made of blue lightning, with a majestic and aloof expression.
A male model wearing a futuristic suit was looking up at the holographic user interface floating in front of him, with white background and studio lights.
In the fantasy forest of huge colored pencils, a hand is carefully pushing open a door made of plasticine.
In a warm illustration style, there is an exquisite crystal ball placed on a retro wooden desk, which contains a miniature city with early sunshine after snow.
A girl in a gorgeous dress stood in front of the mirror, but there was no reflection of her in the mirror and the background was in the style of classical oil painting.
The huge robot remains lay quietly in the middle of the forest, moss covered its metal shell, and a small deer was sniffing curiously.
A city in the sky built on a cloud of clouds. Waterfalls in the city pour down from the edge of the floating island and merge into the clouds and disappear.
Please draw a picture: a fox with butterfly wings, and on its left is a huge crystal tree in the shape of a cube, in a surrealist style.
Design a picture: Three chairs of similar shapes are stacked together due to the approaching heavy rain, and an open book is placed on the top chair.
In a miniature clay scene, the clay figure in the center is reaching out with his right hand and trying to touch a floating blue crystal. To his left is a withered small tree.
In the abandoned amusement park, because the merry-go-round stopped rotating, the sad oil paint on a clown's face was washed away by the rain. He sat quietly in front of the merry-go-round.
A huge metal gear rotates slowly, and a transparent crystal prism stuck in front of it is at rest, with a blurred industrial pipe in the background.
A beautiful clay model and a floating cloud clock project soft light and shadow towards a mountain peak made of books.
An adventurer wearing a spacesuit discovered a huge, hairy space jellyfish. Afraid that it would be lonely, he took off his helmet and shared oxygen with it.
A holographic model of the earth is suspended in the center of the room, with a data-flow waterfall on the left and a floating operating panel on the right.
A bronze statue of three children, the other two looked up in surprise because one pointed to the rainbow in the sky.
In a fantasy depression, mushrooms look like colorful umbrellas. Because the ground was slippery after the rain, a little squirrel was jumping from the top of one mushroom to another.
Costume designed for a colorful macaw, a yellow raincoat with a pineapple texture and a green leaf hood.
Generating picture: An ancient clock abandoned on the sea floor, the pendulum stops swinging, and tiny glowing jellyfish swimming around it. The picture requires a super-realistic style.
The game prop design shows a magic treasure chest suspended in the air, with a distorted pentagram shape as a whole, and the box is inlaid with glowing runes.
Please draw: A woman in a long embroidered dress stands quietly in a Chinese courtyard, a bird on her shoulder combing her feathers.
In Pixar animation style, a raccoon wearing a detective windbreaker is proudly pointing at an ancient Egyptian papyrus map with its paws after successfully solving the puzzle.
Please design a dress with an embroidered phoenix on the front left of the skirt and a phoenix with a similar posture on the back right.
A mysterious geometric cube suspended in mid-air stretches out a metal arm to adjust the holographic screen in front of it, presenting a retro futuristic style as a whole.
Please create a three-dimensional art installation: a huge transparent cube suspended in the air with a small red sphere inside, and a calm water below the cube.
An alarm clock with long legs was already late, but instead of running, it took a leisurely walk. On its left, a desk calendar was anxiously turning the pages on its own.
In the watercolor painting style, a panda gentleman in a suit is gracefully holding a cup of coffee in his front paws. Its dark circles are like two ancient copper coins.
Design a user interface for a pet development game. In the center of the interface are three cartoon little foxes of different sizes. They sit around and look lively.
Generated image: A hard stone statue, whose eyes actually shed crystal tears because it heard sad music.
A clay sculpture, on the left is a red pyramid, which is grander than the smaller gray Sphinx on the right, with a dark blue exhibition hall wall in the background.
Generate an animated picture: a walking city made up of countless gears and pipes, walking through a crystal forest on huge metal legs.
A huge cloud in the sky is shaped like a bell-shaped jellyfish because it blocks the sun, and the city streets below are plunged into shadow, in a fantasy illustration style.
An environmentally friendly poster shows that the Statue of Liberty made of chocolate melts due to high temperatures, and the melted part has a higher luster than the solid part.
An antique gramophone is placed on a dark mahogany table, with a crystal wine cup in front of it and tall bookshelves piled with books behind it, full of retro film.
Please design a logo: An anthropomorphic battery collapsed in a corner because its battery was exhausted, with a very depressed expression on its face.
Please design an interface for a pet social App where a young woman is making a video of her puppy wagging its tail excitedly.
A forest hut whose roof was covered with moss because it had just rained, but there were no fences around the house.
A man in an evening dress was clinging to the ceiling on all hands and feet like a gecko, looking down curiously at the crowd below.
Generating pictures: Please create a glass art with two crystal clear raindrops of similar shape and size suspended side by side in the air.
On the left hand of the female scientist is floating a Mars model smaller than the Earth model. She is not wearing glasses, and her right hand is gently touching the shining city spots on the Earth model that look like stars.
Please design a welcome interface for the software. An anthropomorphic robot assistant is in the center of the screen, waving its arms enthusiastically, and the whole adopts a glass mimicry style.
Please take a photo: on the left of the picture is a little boy, because of fear, he hid behind a huge blue sofa, all the cushions on the sofa are uniform yellow.
On the beach, rows of gray pebbles of the same color and size stretch neatly from the foreground to the seaside red by the sunset.
Generate a photo: an eagle hovers high above the canyon, directly below it is a rushing river, and in the distance is a continuous snowy mountain.
Clay style, a round white robot with a red antenna above its head and a small yellow square on its left.
Generating picture: A huge bell tower floats above the sea of clouds. Its hands are composed of flowing starlight, and countless gears rotate slowly outside the tower body.
Please generate a picture: On the left side of the picture, a huge anthropomorphic teapot is crouching like a frog, while it uses its spout to turn into an arm pointing to a floating tiny planet in the sky above to the right.
The launch page design of a music App features two kittens chasing a beating note in a soft glass imitation style.
In the animation scene, a girl wearing a heavy felt cloak stands on the right side of the frame. On her left is a huge throne carved from ice.
In a clay sculpture, two similar-looking anthropomorphic mushrooms stand side by side, one of them stretching out its arm and resting it closely on the other's shoulder.
On the page of an old book spread out on the wooden table, a gecko was crawling across, leaving moist footprints. It had apparently just slipped in through a rainy window in the background.
Generating picture: A white-haired scientist stands side by side with the robot he created. He is proudly patting it on the shoulder, showing a warm moment.
Two Faberge eggs placed side by side, the eggshells are decorated with complex Baroque rolling grass patterns, shining with a metallic luster.
The anthropomorphic Saturn is using its halo as a hula hoop to gracefully play in the universe, with a satisfied smile on its face.
Generated image: An astronaut wearing protective clothing, while working outside the spacecraft, a strange alien creature is reflected in the reflection of his helmet, in the style of a science fiction movie screenshot.
Generated image: A square clock with a horrified expression, its minute hand inserted into a melting cheese block below, made up of many small cheese blocks.
Due to the sudden drop in temperature in a crystal city, a layer of crystal clear frost has condensed on the surfaces of all buildings, reflecting dreamy seven-colored light.
Newton sat under an apple tree made of brass gears, but the apple did not fall, which made him fall into thought and looked confused.
An anthropomorphic lemon wearing a bright yellow raincoat was sitting by a puddle dejectedly with a melancholy expression.
Photo: A golden retriever lies on the grass next to a kitten curled up to stay warm.
In the Ukiyo-e style, the fox on the left side of the picture saw the elegant dance of the crane on the right, so it put away its cunning expression and just stared quietly at each other.
Generated image: A surrealist painting with many huge books standing in the desert, all of which have crystal clear glass wings.
A crystal skyscraper gracefully bends down and dives its spire into the river below, as if bowing.
In the early morning after the storm, the city streets were wet, there was still water in the low-lying areas, and the air was filled with the fresh smell of soil.
A giant hairy rabbit lies lazily in a crater on the moon, holding a shining blue planet in its arms.
Generated image: In an underground cave made of glowing mushrooms, two similar giant crystal towers resonate across the air, with an obvious energy flow invisible between them.
A beautiful miniature of the city, the shadows of all buildings turn dark blue as the only red sun in the sky begins to set.
In a flat illustration style, three astronauts wearing uniform are planting a flag on the red soil of Mars.
Generating picture: Please draw a Miyazaki animation-style painting. In the foreground, Qin Shihuang in a spacesuit is standing on the surface of the moon. Behind him, a jade rabbit is operating an astronomical telescope.
Create a clay sculpture. A little fox has a stomach ache because it ate grapes on the table. It is holding its stomach, and its face shows a regretful and painful expression.
A chameleon lost its ability to change color because it accidentally ate a glowing mushroom. It could only maintain an awkward rainbow color and lie rigidly on the branches.
An interface for a weather forecasting application has a crystal castle on a floating cloud island that changes colors based on real-time weather.
The UI interface design of a weather forecast software shows a little girl wearing a raincoat standing in the rain, but she has no smile on her face and looks blue.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, a pair of similar sisters stand side by side. Because the sister had just eaten magic candy, a pair of fluffy cat ears grew on top of her head.
A hungry fox, unable to reach an apple on a tree branch, hits it angrily against a tree trunk in an attempt to shake it off.
A statue of a Pegasus carved from crystal, its wings are made of flowing nebulae and exude a soft light.
In a luxurious banquet hall, the table was filled with exquisite food, but the chairs were all staggered, as if the guests were fleeing in panic.
A giant whale made of dazzling crystals slowly cruises in the colorful nebula, dragging a flickering stardust tail, in a dreamy illustration style.
In a forest hut made of mushrooms and vines, an anthropomorphic rabbit is using its paws to struggle to pull a huge carrot from a wooden box.
Late at night in the library, a young scholar fell asleep on a desk piled with ancient books. A desk lamp illuminated an ancient map spread beside him.
Generating image: Place a pen in front of the desk, place an open laptop in the middle, and the bookshelf in the background is piled with various books.
On the Great Wall, which is piled up by countless books, a group of steeds made of ink and ink are galloping, and the picture is full of imagination.
An abandoned Gothic church stands deep in a dense forest, with broken stained glass windows showing faint moonlight, and the overall picture is in a dark fantasy style.
There was a power outage in the city, and the intersection where the red light was supposed to be on was dark, with only the headlights of passing vehicles marking a long light track.
Amid the neon shimmering ruins of the future city, a semi-mechanically transformed girl is chasing a glowing butterfly, her figure pulling out a long reflection on the slippery ground, and the picture is full of Cyberpunk aesthetics.
Oil painting texture shows a brown bear in a tuxedo, gracefully playing the violin in the gorgeous room, looking focused.
A huge adult brown bear is walking in the foreground, followed by a much smaller cub of its kind. Further away, the background is the continuous snowy mountains and taiga forests.
Please create: An anthropomorphic bronze sculpture of a clock that reaches out and embraces an ice block, but the ice block does not melt.
Photo generated: A bronze phoenix as huge as a hill, spreading its wings and soaring over the city amid thunderstorms, in a surrealist photography style.
Generated image: A tiny human standing at the foot of a huge alien statue, with one hand larger than the size of a hill next to it.
A man opened an old wooden box. There was no treasure he expected in it, only a small photo frame. He showed a disappointed expression.
Please generate a picture of a ceramic robot housekeeper kneeling on one knee to wipe the floor, but its electronic face shows a sad expression.
In the empty warehouse, a detective crouched down in the foreground to check for clues, and a vague figure was slipping away in the distance.
In the snow, a white fox curled into a ball. Because its fur was the same color as the snow, a small bird actually regarded it as a snow bank and landed on its back.
An environmentally themed poster shows a man holding a huge butterfly, the butterfly's wings flapping gently, and the background is a minimalist solid color.
Generating an advertising picture: A bottle of perfume is suspended in front of a transparent display cabinet. Because it radiates, a bright starry sky is projected on the screen in the cabinet.
Inside an abandoned space station, an astronaut wearing a spacesuit floated weightlessly, reaching out his arms to try to grab a floating toolbox.
Please draw a picture: a beautiful ceramic girl, dancing gracefully on the ice.
A man wearing a red spacesuit, floating in a huge transparent bubble, was gazing at the same red planet in front of him.
In a futuristic Cyberpunk-style city apartment, the electronic dynamic wallpaper on the walls is showing angry and unhappy expressions.
An ancient library is full of books, their spines shining gold in the dim light.
Please design a promotional picture for NBC TV. The main body of the picture is a peacock on the screen. The shape and color of its tail feathers form the NBC logo.
An abstract metal giraffe sculpture, painted in a bright lemon yellow, is particularly eye-catching in the sun.
A backpacker stands on the top of a mountain in the foreground. The midview in front of him is a winding river and the background is a rolling snowy mountain.
An anthropomorphic image of the Eiffel Tower is located in the center of the mobile phone weather application interface. The sun icon is in the upper left corner of the interface and the temperature display is in the lower right corner.
A deer carved out of transparent glass, its body filled with bright stars and rotating nebulae, is standing quietly in the misty forest.
A male lion lies on weathered rocks, its solemn posture like an Egyptian sphinx, its golden mane shining in the sunset.
Generating picture: A mechanical fox senses danger behind it, so it leans forward and releases three miniature drones from an opening in its back for reconnaissance.
Generating a photo: A climber stopped and raised his hand in surprise to point to the spectacle in the sky because he saw a rare halo on the top of the mountain.
In the retro illustration style, a little man in a suit was trapped in a huge glass bottle. Because he wanted to get out, he was pushing the transparent bottle wall with his palm.
Design an e-commerce master picture: an anthropomorphic blue moisturizer bottle standing behind a green aloe vera leaf, but there are no other products in the foreground.
In the flat illustration style, an anthropomorphic light bulb made of glass was watering a pot of small flowers. Because it was too close, the water splashed on itself, causing slight leakage of electricity.
Generating picture: A small robot made of used parts, although small, is trying to lift a piece of blue metal larger than itself, so the red circuits on its body are overloaded with light.
Photo: Draw a lady in a dress woven from brilliant stars, standing on a crescent moon, holding a brilliant harp.
Please create a bronze sculpture: Einstein was enlightened by solving a problem. He looked up and a smile of enlightenment appeared on his face.
Generating picture: A heart-shaped red gem is contained in a square glass box placed on a wooden table.
In the bright kitchen, an experienced China ramen master is swinging noodles with one hand, while the slightly immature apprentice next to him is kneading the dough with his hands clumsy.
Draw a picture: Immersed in the study of Van Gogh's starry sky, an artist's hair turned into a rotating nebula, but there was no hint of surprise on his face. The cypress in his painting also showed a similar whirlpool shape.
In the fantasy forest, a crystal deer and a crystal rabbit stand side by side. Their bodies are made of crystal clear blue crystals, in a surrealist style.
A scholar wearing a classical robe sat under a huge ancient tree made of stacked books, writing on a floating sheepskin scroll with a quill.
A crystal clear glass hourglass was placed on a rough concrete base. As time in the hourglass ran out, cracks began to appear in the concrete around it, cinematic, close-up.
A precise silver robot is carefully installing a glowing blue energy crystal into a complex spherical device, close-up.
With a flat icon design, a speaker plays music directly at a small sapling, and abstract sound wave symbols surround the sapling.
Photo generated: An alien spacecraft is launching a tractor beam towards the ground. A huge rock on the ground is slowly sucked up by the beam and is about to leave the ground.
Generated image: A clever octopus uses its tentacles to open a cube-shaped treasure chest next to the ruins of the Titanic wreck.
In the watercolor painting, a curious orange cat is squatting on the windowsill. It is reaching out its claws and trying to touch the butterflies flying outside the window.
Generated image: In the control center of a future city, an anthropomorphic data analysis robot stands on the left side of the screen, and another security robot with similar functions on the right side.
A life-size sculpture, an elegant ballet dancer and her flowing skirt are all carved from crystal clear ice.
Photo generated: A man opens a gift box in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris with a surprised look on his face. Inside the box is an exquisite watch.
A dress inspired by parrot feathers is brighter in color than the peacock dress next to it, but the skirts of both have similar fishtail designs.
Under the night sky in Paris, a group of huge jellyfish are wrapping their tentacles around the spire of the Eiffel Tower made of glowing crystals, in a surrealist photography style.
Create a picture: In a forest of glowing mushrooms, a translucent jellyfish-like creature that also shines is floating in the air.
Photo generated: A little girl in a spacesuit is quietly floating in the sky. Below her, two huge whales are playing and chasing in the nebula.
A mechanical heart made up of clouds and lightning, emitting a soft blue light, and a technologically inspired logo design.
A square ice cube is melting, so its sharp corners are slowly rounding and clung to the warm wall of the glass.
On the grass, a guinea pig bigger than a rabbit was running in front, and a little rabbit was chasing it closely behind.
As the knowledge was released, the pages of a huge book sculpture made of metal transformed into metal birds and flew out of the book.
Generate a photo: There are three girls in the picture, the one on the left is wearing a red dress, the one on the right is wearing a blue dress, and the girl in the middle is sad because she doesn't have a beautiful dress, so she has her back to the camera.
Close-up, a smaller kingfisher did not snatch food, but instead stood quietly on a branch, watching the huge companion next to him eat.
A clever squirrel had just invented a mechanical acorn, so it grinned proudly, carefully tightened the last screw with its front paws, and its furry tail swayed excitedly.
Photo generated: A young backpacker stands on the top of the mountain, overlooking the clouds of clouds and the sunrise in the distance, adopting a bright and warm Japanese anime style.
Create a sculpture: a huge palm carved of smooth white marble with a rough metal heart suspended above the palm, in a surrealist style.
The seagulls had a premonition of the approaching storm, so they all gathered on the black rocks in the foreground. The lightning in the distance was like a huge white tree splitting through the dark clouds.
A ripe apple fell from Newton's apple tree. The physics book below it sensed gravity, so the pages automatically turned.
A little girl used a brush taller than her to paint in the sky. Because she drew the sun, the whole world became brighter.
In a magical relic suspended in the sky, due to the shattering of the core crystal, the surrounding plants were petrified, but glowing flowers were blooming on the petrified trees.
In the warm fairy tale animation style, there is a small house in a huge tree hole deep in the forest. As night falls, warm lights are coming from the two round windows of the small house.
An ancient magic book under the table sensed danger, so it automatically opened, and the runes on the pages lit up.
A city made of huge candies and biscuits, all the buildings glisten with a soft light, and everything takes on a dreamy pastel style.
A huge castle suspended in the sea of clouds, covered with moss and exotic flowers and grasses, presenting a delicate Ghibli hand-painted animation style.
A white porcelain sculpture depicts a tired astronaut and his pet dog. They all show similar exhaustion due to their recent interstellar travel.
On the green grass, a huge adult elephant is gently rolling up a daisy many times smaller than it is with its trunk.
Newton was thinking when a kitten suddenly jumped off the window sill behind him. Because of the shock, the quill in Newton's hand fell to the ground.
Photo generated: A steampunk style bronze sculpture shows a huge mechanical lion looking up at the mechanical eagle at the top of Big Ben. The lion is three times larger than the eagle.
Pixar animation style, a koala wearing a spacesuit is leisurely practicing his golf swing on the lunar surface.
Create a sculpture, two similar anthropomorphic flames, made of blue glass, but they did not radiate heat and were talking to each other.
Despite the five tools in front of him, a man in a yellow shirt still frowned and looked confused.
Please generate a surrealist illustration: a man wearing a silver mask standing above the clouds, with a huge red moon behind him, but there is no sign of the city on the ground.
Generating pictures: Please paint a scene with a small square picnic basket placed next to a huge triangular tent in front of the Egyptian pyramids.
A tourist stands in the foreground, feeding a flock of pigeons pecking in the square, with the Eiffel Tower in Paris in the distance in the background.
The huge Great Wall spiraled towards Mars, and the space station in the sky was in the shape of a beacon tower, with a sense of science fiction.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic purple mushroom with no arms and wearing a crown of golden dewdrops larger than itself.
Generating picture: A woman is glowing from drinking an energy drink. She is wearing a blue yoga suit and holding a drink bottle in her hand, but she does not smile and her expression is focused.
A girl with skin like cracked porcelain was holding an open wooden music box with both hands. There was a miniature forest landscape inside the music box.
An antique ground-to-ground clock made of flowing water stands quietly in an abandoned library, its hands being a frozen beam of light.
A sculpture of a clay boy, whose body is disintegrating into fragments and floating around as he recalls his dream of flying, stared at the wings formed by light in front of him.
Generating picture: A thirsty crow saw that there was water in the bottle but couldn't drink it, so it picked up stones one by one into the bottle to raise the water surface.
A young female painter wearing a linen dress holds a palette stained with oil. Behind her is a male tourist carrying a camera. They are all in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris.
Generating a painting: In the ruins of the city full of futuristic cities, a semi-mechanized elephant stands on the left side of the picture. It is staring at the holographic butterfly floating in the air on the right with its glowing eyes, showing the overall style of a science fiction movie.
Steampunk style, a clock made of brass gears, a typewriter made of brass gears, and a desk lamp made of brass gears.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic ceramic teapot shows a surprised look on its face as it discovers that it is pouring out a rainbow instead of tea.
Create a three-dimensional art sculpture: In a crystal clear glass ball, a small kingfisher is spreading its wings and about to fly, as if to break through its shackles.
In the office, a young man in a black suit stood with an elderly man in a gray suit. The young man was half a head taller than the elderly man.
On the left side of the screen, a little girl in a red raincoat looks curiously at the right side, and on the right side is a man in a blue suit holding an umbrella expressionlessly, in an impressionistic style.
In the abandoned playground, a lonely merry-go-round has rusted. Because no one maintains it, its base is covered with moss and weeds. realistic style.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, a chubby white radish essence, carrying a small backpack, is trying hard to climb a moss covered stone steps.
Please create a painting: a girl with sadness on a plane, with a pair of asymmetrical butterfly wings growing behind her, one of which is much smaller than the other, in a surrealist oil painting style.
The foreground is a wooden table with coffee and a laptop, the middle view is a comfortable sofa, and the background is bright floor-to-ceiling windows and the city street view outside the window.
A spiral conch made of brass and precision gears sits quietly on an old wooden table next to a similar-shaped fossil nautilus.
A huge lipstick tube stands in the center of the stage, and a fashionably dressed woman is walking around it for a show. Commercial advertising photography has a sense of atmosphere.
The movie close-up, an ancient sheepskin scroll map depicting the route to the legendary city of Atlantis.
There is an exquisite blue and white porcelain teacup with a white hand reaching out from the handle and holding a small silver spoon to stir the black tea in the cup, in a watercolor painting style.
On the left side of the table is a candle, and a person is holding a crystal ball in both hands. Because it has just been shaken, a little fox in the ball is looking up and trying to catch the falling snowflakes.
The spacecraft's red alarm flashed, so an astronaut squatted down in the middle of the tunnel to be vigilant. In the life support module on his left, a slender alien slowly sat up.
In Pixar animation style, the boy was afraid to go near the injured puppy, but it took the initiative to limp towards him.
Generating picture: There is a floating city in a huge glass bottle. Because the bottle has no stopper, the clouds in the city are slowly floating towards the bottle opening.
The e-commerce product display picture shows a yellow mug with a smiling face printed on it, placed obliquely in front of a blue mug and a green mug, all three cups with the same happy expression.
Generating picture: A colorful parrot stands on a branch in a close-up view. It is curiously looking down at a kitten on the ground. In the distance is a tropical rainforest, using a natural documentary photography style.
In the evening wilderness, scientist Albert Einstein stands on the left side of the picture, looking in shock at the three giant Jupiter floating side by side in the sky.
An ancient brass compass floating above the stormy sea of clouds. There is no scale on the compass, and it is surrealist and realistic.
A giant panda is sitting under the Eiffel Tower eating bamboo, its face filled with satisfaction.
On the left side of the screen, an anthropomorphic triangle is imitating Mona Lisa's smile, and there is nothing on its right.
Generated image: In a futuristic science-fiction scene, a huge mechanical dinosaur is in a fierce confrontation with a bionic fox much smaller than it.
The detective found an unusually clean key on the dusty table, so he frowned and carefully picked it up with tweezers.
Generated picture: Because there is no sunshine, a mushroom in the forest not only does not wither, but instead emits a faint blue fluorescence because it absorbs the moonlight.
Please create a clay-style sculpture: an anthropomorphic carrot without glasses, but squinting hard to read.
On the bridge of the abandoned space station, three Corgis in spacesuits stood motionless, their round eyes looking at the quiet red planet outside the window.
Please draw a picture: Against the background of a cosmic nebula, there is a similar floating island on the left and right sides of the picture. The island is covered with glowing mushrooms. An astronaut stretches out his left hand in the center of the picture and gently touches the mushrooms on the island on the left. The picture presents a dreamy digital art.
Cyberpunk-style game characters wearing reflective metal armor and leather jackets decorated with neon tubes.
In the ruins of a future city, a giant genetically modified orange cat uses its furry paws to push open a rusty metal hatch.
Photo generated: In a Cyberpunk-style rainy night city, a man's arms are made of flowing nebulae and he is gazing into the distance.
In steampunk style, a watchmaker wearing brass goggles is carefully fitting a clockwork heart made of precision gears to a humanoid robot.
Make an art sculpture consisting of two juxtaposed geometric cubes, one made of smooth white marble and the other made of rough black granite, twice the size of the former.
In the anti-gravity room, a man in a retro spacesuit was carefully watering a miniature planet suspended in the sky.
Deep in the fantasy forest, under a huge glowing mushroom, lies an elf village smaller than an ant.
An astronaut is staring at the mask of his helmet, which clearly reflects a blue earth and a bright galaxy.
Photo generated: An astronaut was surprised when he saw a rose floating outside the spacecraft, which felt realistic and cinematic.
The steampunk fleet of airships slowly sailed over Victoria London, and the hands of Big Ben glowed with magic.
A huge astronaut wears a transparent fish tank in which several small golden fish are swimming.
Photo generated: Due to the long drought, the once rippling lake has dried up and cracked, and a lonely old wooden boat is stuck in the soil.
In a skin care product advertisement, a smiling woman holds two bottles of glass-made essence with soft ins scenery in the background.
A huge orange cat was sleeping lazily, and a small goldfish in the fish tank next to it was staring at it curiously, in a flat illustration style.
There is a huge island of whale bones floating in the sky. As the bones continue to drip nutrient-rich liquids, a gorgeous coral forest grows on the sea directly below it.
In the corner of a quiet studio, the easel stands on the left of the center, a pot of green plants is bathed in the sun on the window sill on the right, and several brushes are scattered on the ground in the foreground.
A puppy was afraid of thunder, so it tightly covered its ears with its paws and curled up in the corner of the sofa and shivered.
Generating picture: A group of penguins all look in the same direction at the distant iceberg. The picture presents a tranquil atmosphere, photographed using Lomo-style film.
A woman stood in a pure white minimalist living room. In order not to damage the integrity of the wall, she hid a brightly colored painting behind a moving partition wall.
Draw a picture: Below the huge Eiffel Tower, a busker is playing an accordion, but there is no audience around him, and in the distance is the Seine River.
Generate a retro film-style photo: an empty train platform, a slowly departing train creates dynamic blur, and everything on the platform is at rest.
Please create a futuristic children's room with a spherical bed floating in the center of the room and a huge interactive starry sky projection on the left wall.
A flat-style character icon, a man wearing round glasses, no expression on his face, white background.
A woman is sitting quietly on the sofa. On her left, a kitten is chasing its tail. It seems to be having a good time.
A glowing jellyfish has left the ocean because it swallowed a falling star and is now floating among the clouds in the night sky.
Generate an e-commerce promotional picture: Since the user had just left, the laptop screen in the center of the minimalist desk was still on, and the screen light illuminated the half cup of coffee on the right.
An anthropomorphic old street lamp stands alone in the rainy night. It strives to straighten itself and illuminate a small area for passers-by. The picture is in the healing illustration style.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit was trapped in a huge transparent glass bottle. He was curled up and trying to climb out of the bottle.
Photo generated: In space, three burning meteorites pass at high speed by a lonely communications satellite, its antenna still pointed at the distant Earth.
High-speed photography captures the moment, a rotating water drop is suspended directly above another calm water drop, with a pure black background.
Generated image: depicts Shanghai's Bund in the evening, with the World Building Complex on the left, the Oriental Pearl Tower on the right, and the Huangpu River running through the middle.
In the old warehouse at dusk, there is a kerosene lamp placed on the wooden box in the foreground. The light illuminates the flying dust, and the high window in the distance shines in the last afterglow, making it full of movie feel.
In the Cyberpunk-style reading room, a man stands in front of a huge glowing bookshelf, his tiny figure in stark contrast to the holographic book floating in the air.
A girl used a cream that absorbed sunlight, so her skin gave off a warm light, and even a small sun could condense on her fingertips.
In the animation scene, because the magic book on the central table was opened, all the books in the library were floating in the air, surrounded by a huge floor-to-ceiling window.
Cyberpunk style, a floating throne made of flowing liquid metal with a transparent holographic data cube floating to the left.
Generate a painting: depicts a peaceful Jiangnan water town in the evening, with small bridges and flowing water, lanterns hanging high, presenting the overall style of ink painting.
A 3D clay-style e-commerce advertising scene has a cartoon doll with a surprised expression in a transparent gift box in the foreground, and a soft solid color wall and geometry in the background.
A Baroque white marble sculpture depicts a pair of twin brothers who look alike. They sit back to back with exactly the same expression and posture.
An old book was spread out on a wooden table, and the candle next to it was burning quietly. The yellow candlelight illuminated the pages. The overall oil painting style was warm and nostalgic.
On the desk, there are two similar alarm clocks made up of hands and dials. The one in front is proud of being five minutes fast, and the one in the back is depressed because it is late.
In the modern flat illustration style, a woman imitates the Mona Lisa's pose, and her skirt pattern resembles the scenery of the Mona Lisa painting in the background.
Please draw an animated scene of the red roof of a mushroom hut in the forest, with a white spot pattern similar to the shell of a ladybug on the nearby grass.
Image: A crystal ball holds a winding section of the Great Wall that glows under the lights.
A little girl lost her way in the forest. Because of her fear, her shadow became so huge that it shrouded her like a mountain.
A creative poster, an open can, poured cola flowing on the ground, forming a liquid shaped like a classical violin.
On the top shelf, two anthropomorphic books were arguing, but because loud noise was not allowed in the library, they did not say a word, just shook the pages angrily.
Generated image: A little boy in an adventure suit stands in front of a mushroom several times taller than himself. Out of curiosity, he is trying to climb this giant creature, with a forest of ordinary mushrooms in the background.
A woman in a plain linen robe meditates in a bright and empty living room in log tones, presenting a Nordic minimalist style as a whole.
A woman wearing a long dress with a flame pattern and the phoenix next to her had the same golden flames burning in their eyes.
A corki spaniel wearing futuristic space armor stands in the red desert of Mars, staring warily at the working Mars rover not far away.
A female artist stands next to the huge triangular metal sculpture she created, her hand gently stroking the smooth surface of the sculpture.
Design a backstage scene of a Victoria fashion show. On the left side of the picture are models preparing to stage, and on the right side there is no classical dress, but a modernist style dress that is more simple than the model's clothes on the left.
In the cockpit of the spacecraft, a cat stepped on a button on the console, causing the holographic star map in front of it to immediately switch to an unknown galaxy.
In a clay sculpture, an orange cat is leaping over a glass fish tank with a small goldfish swimming underneath.
An astronaut stood on Mars, and the hem of her pure white spacesuit was stained with a layer of rust red because the soil under her feet was rich in iron oxide.
In a modern minimalist office, an architect is leaning over a workbench, stretching out his fingers, and carefully adjusting the miniature trees of the architectural model on the table.
A anthropomorphic alarm clock is angry because its owner has been lying in bed. It is reaching out its small hand and forcefully pulling its own power plug.
In an old photo frame placed on a wooden table, a little girl with a ponytail is smiling happily at the camera.
A steampunk style brass octopus sculpture, it stretches out several mechanical tentacles and wraps around an ancient globe, with a very tense posture.
A white-haired witch wearing a red robe stared intently at the floating crystal ball in her hand. The background was an ancient bookshelf in a watercolor painting style.
A girl's hair is made up of flowing stars. She is sitting on a crescent moon blowing dandelions, Hayao Miyazaki animated movie style.
Generated image: A man hears a strange noise in the attic, so he tiptoes, clings to the ladder, and carefully climbs upward.
A transparent glass ball contains a burning forest, but the glass ball itself has no temperature at all and is even condensed with frost.
An anthropomorphic purple onion logo has a golden crescent moon growing on its top, and its expression looks very wise.
Please design a flat style logo. On the left side of the screen is a laughing man, on the right side is a man with a calm expression, and on the left side the image is larger.
An astronaut's helmet is not a human face, but a miniature ocean world. He is floating in the air, staring at it, in the pop art style.
An astronaut with skin like broken blue and white porcelain was reaching out his fingers and carefully touching a miniature planet floating in the sky.
In a huge glass bottle, floating is a fantasy castle made of candies and biscuits. The cream spire of the castle is the same material as the cork of the glass bottle.
A dense miniature forest grows inside a huge glass bulb. A deer stands by a stream in the middle of the forest. The tungsten wire of the bulb shines above the forest.
A anthropomorphic roadside garbage can, because it couldn't stand the smell of its own body, was holding a bottle of perfume and spraying it desperately on its body.
In a surreal room, a lava lamp knocked down an ice sculpture nearby, but instead of melting, the ice sculpture solidified the lava it came into contact.
An icon depicts a camel kissing a cactus in front of an Egyptian pyramid, with the camel on the left and the cactus on the right, vector the flat wind.
Create a three-dimensional work in the style of clay stop-motion animation: scientist Newton is looking up at an apple that is about to fall from an apple tree.
Generate a picture of a man struggling to jump up from the ceiling of one building to the ground of another in an upside-down city.
In the surrealist oil painting style, a polar bear appears in the tropical rainforest. Instead of being annoyed by the heat, it leisurely fanning itself with huge palm leaves.
An ancient brass compass, because the needle pointed to a non-existent purple star brighter than the moon, the whole compass emitted a faint purple light, a film texture.
Generating picture: A kitten on the left of the picture is looking curiously at a transparent crystal butterfly on the right. Because it cannot fly, the kitten is very confused.
In the clay stop-motion animation style, a snowman stood in the sun, but it did not melt. Instead, it showed a happy smile because of the warmth.
Generated picture: Clay stop-motion animation style, a snowman on the left side of the picture is melting because it is too close to the fireplace on the right, and has a sad expression.
In a city made of marshmallows, because there are two lemon-flavored suns floating in the sky, the buildings in the city are slowly melting, and thick syrup flows out.
Draw a picture: The foreground is a calm lake, there is a white boat in the center of the lake, and there is a log cabin with a red roof on the left bank of the lake.
The design of a T-shirt was in a flat illustration style. The wolf pack above the pattern did not show ferocious because it saw the butterflies flying below, but instead shook its tail happily.
On the beach in the evening, the sky is brilliant orange-red due to the afterglow of the sunset. This color is also gently reflected on the moist, silvery beach.
Two slices of toast popped out of the toaster, one piece was burnt and looked depressed, and the other piece was golden and crispy with a proud expression.
Generated image: A crystal chess piece is about to break under the weight, so it stretches out its tiny arm and tries to hold the crown above its head.
Please generate a picture: A giant mechanical heart that blends plant vines and precision gears is suspended in mid-air and emits a faint pulsing light, and its internal structure is clearly visible.
Mr. Potato, wearing a spacesuit, is clumsily chasing a floating tomato in the weightless space capsule.
In the black-and-white documentary photography style, a white-haired old lady smiles and points into the distance, and the little grandson next to her looks curiously in the direction of her finger.
In Cyberpunk style, neon lights outline the outline of the Great Wall, and huge holographic billboards are suspended on the ancient city wall.
Image generated: Astronaut Neil Armstrong is gazing at the American flag planted on the surface of the moon, its image clearly reflected on his helmet mask.
In the cartoon animation style, a huge magic brush is leaning against the Leaning Tower of Pisa, painting a rainbow stripe on the body of the tower. The brush is on the left side of the tower.
An anthropomorphic rabbit astronaut holds a helmet on his left hand. Instead of using his hands, he uses his long ears to touch the carrot floating in front of him.
There is a huge iceberg in the center of the picture. Because of the hot weather, the iceberg is melting. Meltwater forms a waterfall on its left side. There are three polar bears below the waterfall.
In the ancient Greek bathroom, Archimedes had just sat in the bathtub when water overflowed, so he stood up in a sudden realization.
A man made of broken stained glass is sitting alone on the edge of the city rooftop, overlooking the endless stream of vehicles below, in the pop art style.
Please design a software guidance page where an anthropomorphic cloud is putting a file icon into a folder, with all elements in a unified blue tone and flat style.
There is an island made of huge ancient books floating in the sky. Because the weight of knowledge disappears, the island is able to soar, in a surrealist photography style.
On the left side of the screen, an anthropomorphic ceramic teapot gentleman is pouring tea for a shy ceramic teapot lady on the right. The background is light, Morandi color, and simple illustration style.
A huge castle suspended in the air, with walls made of flowing stained glass, presenting a strong steampunk style.
An anthropomorphic old clock, anxious because the hands cannot move, its face is rusty, close-up, black-and-white documentary photography.
A cute jelly monster IP, with a piece of chocolate pressed under its body and a huge lollipop standing behind it.
A tourist poster about Paris, the anthropomorphic Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe, both wearing berets, both bowing gracefully to the audience.
A bronze statue of Newton, instead of holding an apple, was trapped in a glass ball. Due to the discovery of gravity, the statue itself floated anti-gravity.
Because he saw the lion in the Colosseum, an ancient Roman gladiator did not draw his sword, but leaned down and roared in imitation of the lion's posture.
The abandoned factory workshop is divided by a wall. The left side is piled with rusty used machines, but lush weeds taller than people grow in the open space on the right side.
A female adventurer wearing a leather jacket is touching the moss-covered stone walls of an ancient temple. The picture is in the style of a retro movie film.
In the quiet forest, because it heard the sound of branches breaking, a small deer raised its head warily and pricked up its ears to look around.
In the vast galaxy of stars in the universe, an ancient hourglass is slowly upside down, and stars inside, rather than grains of sand, are flowing from one end to the other.
Please create a desktop decoration: a crystal clear crystal pyramid with a playing card directly below it and three stacked old coins on the left.
A glowing mushroom house stands in the center of the picture, with a slightly smaller mushroom house in front and behind it, both with round windows and cute chimneys.
Surrealist style, a forest made of huge mushrooms and glowing crystals. There is a river in the center of the forest, and the water reflects the two moons in the sky.
In the center of the picture, there is a knight wearing armor with a serious expression. On his left is a chubby white sheep and on his right is a fierce black dragon.
Generating picture: Van Gogh style, a huge giant discovered a tiny human being. Instead of stepping on it, he bent over and observed the little thing curiously.
Please draw a picture: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, an archaeologist is gently brushing away sand from a stone slab engraved with ancient blue hieroglyphs.
A tired climber did not stop to rest because his kettle was empty. Instead, he picked up melted snow water from the roadside in his hands to quench his thirst.
Generating picture: A huge whale is swimming in the sea of clouds, projecting a soft rainbow light into the forest below.
Generating a concept map of the game: On the left side of the screen, a raccoon discovered a glowing gem, but looked horrified because the shadow it cast on the wall on the right side resembled a giant bear.
An anthropomorphic cactus with a pair of bird wings does not fly, but walks leisurely in the desert in a minimalist logo style.
A pink perfume bottle stood in the center of the gray stone platform, with an open book leaning next to it, and several pearls scattered in front of the book.
The streets of the city were empty due to the sudden torrential rain, which reflected colorful colors under the neon lights, in a Memphis design style.
A modern minimalist living room with light-colored wooden floors and white walls, with wooden beams on the ceiling exactly consistent with the texture and color of the floor.
Macro photography shows a butterfly made entirely of transparent ice crystals preparing to fly towards a flower burning with blue flames in the distance.
Please design a Cyberpunk-style room. Due to sensing visitors, the antlers of the robot pet deer in the glass ecological box in the center of the room are emitting soft blue light.
A man in a striped suit was jumping, and the walls and floors around him were covered with the same black and white stripes as those on his clothes.
Please make a steampunk style sculpture of the mechanical heart whose gears are rusting and stopping rotating due to lack of lubrication.
A miniature elephant the size of a teacup was dancing ballet on the piano on tiptoes. The cat next to it tilted its head and looked around curiously.
Albert Einstein wore a spacesuit and played a violin on the surface of the moon, with the huge blue Earth hanging against the pitch-black background.
A miniature forest scene carved out of vegetables, with huts built of carrots and trees made of broccoli.
Please create a miniature landscape sculpture: In a glass bottle, an ant is trying to lift a piece of bread crumb bigger than itself. Because of the force, cracks appear in the ground under its feet.
A white ceramic teapot with a blue cracked glaze pattern on the body matches the glacier crack pattern depicted on the nearby tea cup.
The picnic was cancelled because of rain. A little girl sat in front of the window disappointed. On her left was dripping glass and on her right was an unfinished sandwich. It was a documentary photography style.
Please generate a photo of a little monkey sitting on a branch, picking up a red berry with his hand and preparing to put it in his mouth, retro film photography style.
In the night sky, a huge clock made of stars floated, and there was a similar hourglass next to it, with the star sand slowly passing away.
Create a painting: a golden wheat field in the foreground, an ancient stone bridge in the middle, and rolling green hills and white clouds in the background.
On the ruins of a future city, a humanoid robot looks up. Its round electronic eyes twinkle like the Twin Stars on the horizon, in a retro futuristic style.
In the weightlessness room, an astronaut was not wearing a heavy spacesuit. He was floating quietly. Because he was free from his shackles, his face was filled with enjoyment.
Generated picture: In an open wooden jewelry box, a robotic arm is gently picking up a diamond ring with a pearl necklace next to the ring.
In the center of a future ruins city, an anthropomorphic antique clock has witnessed the end of time, and its pendulum and hands have fallen into absolute standstill.
Cyberpunk style, the foreground of the picture is a woman wearing VR glasses, and the background is the night view of a future city with neon lights flashing.
A panda wearing a Victoria gown gracefully paddles a gondola boat on the River Thames.
In the tranquil pond scene, a frog is puffing its cheeks and chirping on the lotus leaf on the left, and several ducklings are chasing and playing on the water on the right.
Next to a brand new red notebook is a heavy and yellowed old book, which contrasts sharply.
Generating picture: A burning match was thrown into a glass jar full of popcorn, causing the popcorn in the jar to be lit and a pile of unlit corn kernels behind the jar.
A futuristic glass-walled skyscraper is next to an ancient mottled brick building, with a sharp contrast between the old and the new.
Generate a documentary style photo: a ballet dancer is gracefully performing an Arabesque movement in the center of the empty theater stage, with rows of empty red seats in the foreground.
During the Renaissance, Leonardo da Vinci stood in front of a huge holographic projection of the Vitruvian man, with expressions of surprise and thinking on his face, a scene from a science fiction movie.
Generating picture: In the cockpit of the spacecraft, a uniformed captain presses his palm on a blue holographic map on the center console, which shows the galaxy's course.
In Hayao Miyazaki's animation style, the boy on the left side of the picture stared at the snowflake crystal ball in his hand. Because he saw the warm cabin in the ball, his face showed a complex expression of nostalgia and sadness.
In the futuristic fashion design studio, a woman reaches out to control a holographic projection dress suspended in the air, with a minimalist interior design style.
The Statue of Liberty holds a huge ice cream torch. The ice cream is melting. The dripping cream is shaped like tears. The statue's face has an aggrieved expression.
A man wearing a gray spacesuit, his skin is covered with lava orange lines, and his eyes are full of confusion, close-up from the movie.
Generating picture: In the children's room with Memphis design style, there are two similar children's beds in the shape of blue elephants, with the heads of the beds facing each other.
Generating painting: A lion made of stained glass, sunlight passes through its body, showing a dazzling effect, abstract expressionist style.
A large hole had been broken in the dome of an ancient observatory, allowing starlight to pour in, projecting the illusion of a leaping white deer to the left side of the brass astrolabe on the ground.
In the Nordic-style children's room, there is a wallpaper with forest animal patterns on the walls. The color of a teddy bear is exactly the same as the color of the bear in the wallpaper, and no electronic products can be seen in the room.
In a study made of wood, apples and pears made of crystal are placed on the bookshelves. Due to the refraction of the crystal, the entire room is covered with rainbow-colored spots, and the desk is in the center of the room.
A forest of huge glowing mushrooms, whose brightness is far brighter than the moon, so there is no night in the forest, only eternal dawn.
Please draw: An antique brass alarm clock comes alive, using its two small hammers to beat a crystal music box that wants to escape, Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
Because the volcano in the distance was erupting, the lake in the foreground also reflected the flames of the sky, and the boat by the lake swayed gently.
Please create a picture: a quad-rotor drone scanning a cone-shaped lighthouse, its blue beam projecting on the tower in a realistic photography style.
Generating picture: Accompanying a picture for a tourism article, depicting the magnificent landscape of Egyptian pyramids in the sunset, with camel caravans passing by in the distance.
In street documentary photography, a white-haired old man looks calmly at the camera, while the little grandson next to him is chasing pigeons curiously.
A Gothic-style miniature castle model made of clay, with a towering steeple but without any windows or doors.
In the doomsday wasteland style, a rusty car was parked in the middle of a deserted street, a vine-wrapped shop on the right, and a dilapidated skyscraper in the distance.
A princess dressed in a gorgeous court gown, with no smile on her face, stared blankly out the window at the city of gears and steam pipes.
In a surrealist style, an astronaut's body is gradually becoming transparent because he has been gazing at the deep starry sky for a long time and is quietly floating in front of the spacecraft's porthole.
In his Art Nouveau studio, the architect Gaudi designed columns that were inspired by nature were made of smooth wood, like trees growing upward.
Generating picture: A boy in a spacesuit is observing a glowing butterfly through a glass jar, with the vast starry sky in the background, in a digital art style.
A huge pyramid is suspended above the city. On its spire stands a tiny human being, overlooking the endless flow of traffic below.
In the Ghibli animation style, a little girl is watering the water on the left side of the picture, and the huge ancient tree on her right has glowing notes rather than leaves.
A huge transparent glass teacup is suspended in the air. There is a small house inside the teacup and floating clouds below the teacup.
Generating image: Please use clay stop-motion animation style to portray two similar-looking little girls wearing the same skirt.
In the industrial-style attic studio, a painter is pondering over the mottled brick wall, because this rough texture has inspired his infinite creative inspiration.
Please generate a comparative advertising picture: on the left is the messy and dark old study room, and on the right is the modern study room that looks more spacious and bright after the same space has been renovated.
Photo generated: At the ruins of the Colosseum in Rome, a white-haired historian looks even smaller and lonely than the noisy tourists around him.
An owl symbolizing wisdom perches on the ruins of an ancient Greek temple. The moonlight shines on its golden feathers, making it look mysterious and solemn.
In a pop art-style perfume commercial, Marilyn Monroe is shown wearing a classic white dress, but she does not wear her trademark red lips.
A little fox covered its ears tightly because it was afraid of thunder and curled up into a ball to hide in the tree hole.
An astronaut whose body is made of star dust is floating weightlessly in the dark universe, surrounded by colorful planetary debris.
In a cartoon style, an anthropomorphic brown bear stands behind the table, stretching out its furry claws, trying to reach for a honey jar on the table.
In the sculptor's studio, the falcon on his shoulder suddenly spread its wings, and its shape was exactly the same as the triangular arms of the humanoid sculpture in front of him.
In a geometrically abstract floating garden, a girl is jumping in weightlessness as she tries to grab a floating flower next to a similar flower.
Generating picture: There is a kitten on the left side of the screen and a bowl of fish on the right side. Because it is afraid of fish bones, the kitten does not dare to come forward and just looks from a distance.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic desk lamp shines hard because it is afraid of the darkness, illuminating itself brightly, in the Pixar animation style.
An anthropomorphic ceramic teacup dances on tiptoes on a huge dinner plate, with a silver spoon on its left and a sugar cube on its right.
Inside the transparent crystal ball, a surging black ocean surges, and the whole picture presents a strong and powerful China ink painting style.
A weightless astronaut was in space. Instead of repairing equipment, he reached out and carefully touched a floating crystal flower.
Design a surrealist room because at the bottom line of the chessboard floor, a soldier becomes a queen, who is now taller than the king on the left.
A mechanical heart cast of bronze, due to the exhaustion of energy, the gears on its surface stopped rotating, taking on a steampunk style as a whole.
An ancient wooden treasure chest was opened. There were no gold, silver and jewelry inside, but countless shining stars flew out, full of fantasy illustrations.
A bronze statue of Newton was not angry because it was hit by an apple. Instead, he showed an expression of enlightenment and looked up at the apple tree.
In the temple of thought, young Einstein was pondering, and his brain burst out with inspiration brighter than galaxies, embodying it into floating formulas.
Create a picture of a huge gray hamster looking at the sticky and melted pink marshmallow in its hand with horror.
Generating a picture: a man looked depressed because he failed in an exam, books were scattered on the table in front of him, and a gloomy sky outside the window behind him.
In a huge transparent cubic container, two similar-looking miniature alien spacecraft are suspended, both emitting a blue light.
Please draw a picture: a tired urban white-collar worker in his office late at night. The computer screen in front of him is not lit and there are no colleagues around him.
Generating pictures: Please create a clay sculpture. A rabbit is teaching a clumsy robot to squeeze clay with its fingers. Because the robot cannot control the strength well, the kitten it produces is crooked.
Generating picture: On the left side of the screen, a teenager is sprinting at full speed; on his right rear, a girl is waving goodbye to him.
A statue of her mother carved in white marble, next to her is a taller statue of her father made of dark wood.
A steampunk bronze sculpture, the thinker August Rodin wears goggles and sits solemnly on a huge brass gear, with a complex difference engine to his left.
An astronaut was carefully placing a red model of the planet into a transparent glass jar filled with stars.
Design a loading interface for a pet App, with several glowing jelly jellyfish floating quietly in front of a dark blue background, with a similar jellyfish behind them, but without any bubbles.
A little boy in a spacesuit stood on a marshmallow planet. Because he tasted the sweetness, he happily danced above the surface of the planet, with the endless starry sky below.
Create a design background material, a quiet corner of the room, the curtains are gently blown by the breeze, and the sun casts mottled light and shadow on the floor, in a minimalist style.
A climber wearing heavy winter clothes stood on the top of a snowy mountain, but his face did not show any tired expression, but was filled with joy and tranquility.
An abandoned old light bulb, the filament position is a deep ocean, with whales swimming slowly in it.
A game character, wearing armor with a sense of futuristic technology, controls a floating energy sword from afar and slashes towards a mechanical beast in the distance.
The game's character setting is a giant mechanical bear cast of bronze and a mechanical wild boar with similar gear structures and steam effects standing side by side, in a waste-punk style.
The ruins of the ancient Roman Colosseum, and the afterglow of the setting sun shines on the mottled stone pillars, creating a sense of historical vicissitudes.
A huge bronze robot stood next to the Statue of Liberty, and because it saw the statue holding the torch high, it also awkwardly raised its arms to imitate the same gesture.
On the grass, two similar-looking cats stood side by side. One was obviously fatter than the other and looked very naive.
A petite girl gave a hungry big bear a small honey biscuit, so the big bear meekly rubbed her head against her hand, in logo style.
A bronze sculpture depicts Confucius in meditation. He has no scroll in his hand, and the folds of his robe are like flowing river water.
Because there was a heavy snow last night, the entire forest was covered with thick snow, and only a warm stream was still flowing, breaking the silence of the picture.
A huge purple crystal island is suspended in the center of the picture, surrounded by several small green crystal islands, in a surrealist digital art.
In front of the mushroom house, an anthropomorphic camera with rabbit ears is taking photos of clouds with fish tails in the distance.
In documentary photography style, a robot housekeeper poured coffee on the owner's computer due to a program error. It covered its metal mouth in terror, and behind it was a wall with circuit diagrams hanging.
Generate a movie stills: an astronaut stands on the desolate surface of Mars, facing the wreckage of the probe, but there are no traces of alien life around him.
A huge pyramid made up of countless shining cubes, next to it is a perfect sphere much smaller than it, in a low-polygon art style.
A little girl in a spacesuit was riding on the back of a giant whale with wings. The whale wagged its tail in the sea of clouds and swam briskly.
A group of anthropomorphic ceramic cups, all with round bodies and slender arms, heart-shaped steam floating above their heads, and cute clay style.
Generated image: An anthropomorphic cactus sculpture cast in bronze wearing Chaplin's top hat and crutch is located on the right side of a giant clock, in a surrealist style.
Generate a clay stop-motion animation style work: a mini Newton standing on a floating book, looking up at a glowing apple bigger than himself.
A little fox touched the glowing mushroom out of curiosity, but its own claws also began to glow. It raised its claws in surprise to look at it in a watercolor painting style.
Please design a scene for a game: In the center of a floating island, a huge crystal puppet stands quietly without moving, with a mechanical spirit hovering above its head, with a sea of clouds in the background.
In the ruins of the future city, a palm-sized mechanical hummingbird was hovering in front of a giant biochemical beast. The two were vastly different in size.
The abandoned spacecraft floated quietly due to its damaged hull. The vacuum environment caused complex and beautiful ice crystals to condense around the breach.
Generating picture: In a new Chinese-style courtyard, there is a rock and stone table under an ancient plum tree. Due to the rain, the table is covered with puddles, but it clearly reflects the stars in the sky.
In Coco Chanel's studio, she adjusted the dress on the model's body with a serious expression. Next to her, a black cat was curiously fiddling with hanging threads. Its coat color was smoother than the silk of the dress.
An astronaut is repairing a malfunctioning lunar rover on the lunar surface while an alien pet dog is curiously rubbing his leg with its nose.
In the Baroque oil painting style, a king dressed in elegant clothes and with a serious expression sat upright on his throne, with a small and cheerful servant standing next to him.
Please draw: In a golden autumn forest, a couple is waltz happily, with fallen leaves flying at their feet, and the picture is harmonious and unified.
In a fluorescent forest, there is a crystal fox. It has no shadow and its body is covered with glowing mushrooms. The overall painting style is surrealist.
Generating picture: A semi-mechanically modified Corgi immediately hides behind a huge cylindrical metal obstacle in fear after seeing a pyramidal floating robot.
In the abandoned wooden study, a window was cracked due to disrepair. Sunlight passed through it and shone on a glass on the desk, casting a rainbow spot on the opposite wall.
In a logo design, the Great Wall is composed of solar panels, which glow by absorbing sunlight and provide power to future cities in the distance. The overall adopts a unified flat line style.
A girl whose body is made of translucent candies, with a surprised expression, is stretching her arms and trying to hug a huge marshmallow planet in front of her. Further behind her, other planets are also made of candies.
In a quiet corner of the library, a boy was squatting down and reaching out his finger to gently touch a thick magic book that had fallen to the ground.
Please draw: A huge suspended mechanical eye is staring at a monkey jumping up and down in a cage. A scientist at the side reaches out his hand, seemingly adjusting some parameters.
There are no leaves in the crystal forest, because a floating crystal grows from the end of each branch, illuminating the moss ground below.
Generating picture: A cat from Egypt sits at the top of a pyramid with a round watermelon on its right.
Generate a picture: Please draw a crystal clear glass bottle with a shining star inside. The whole picture is in a dreamy cartoon style.
A fashion brand advertising poster shows a young woman wearing a bright orange dress standing in front of a simple gray background.
The man looked in the mirror in horror. In the mirror, he had turned into a robot exactly like him, so the shadow behind him also took on a mechanical outline.
An environmentally themed poster has an anthropomorphic smiling earth in the center of the picture, with a pair of arms gently embracing it underneath it.
Photo generated: On a snowy night, a huge Gothic castle stands on the edge of a cliff with a small dead tree next to it, in a cinematic realistic style.
In the picture book style, an anthropomorphic cloud cries because of loneliness, and the tears it shed turn into shining stars, illuminating the sleeping village below.
Two squirrels found a huge pine cone. Because it was so heavy, they had to give up sitting side by side worrying, in a surrealist illustration style.
In a winter cafe, because the glass windows were covered with frost, a customer was drawing the outline of a city with his fingers on the frost.
In the steampunk style, an octopus with a glass bulb floated above a pile of square antique clocks, its tentacles made of copper wire.
An antique brass compass with human arms and legs and an explorer's hat is striding through the dense jungle.
Surrealist oil painting shows a city made of bronze crying, so the streets are covered with rivers made of metal tears, and the rivers reflect the city's melancholy sky.
The White King in the center of the chessboard looked horrified because all the black soldiers on both sides of it had angry faces and were approaching it in unison.
The sun shines through the gap in the cave and shines on a crystal flower. A little elf is touching it curiously, so the petals give off a soft light.
In the ruins of the future city, a huge mechanical spider lies quietly, and several glowing mechanical birds are welding on its body to repair damaged armor.
A robot sculpture made of scrap metal parts is looking up at the stars, but there is no light in its eyes.
A transparent glass holds a miniature rotating galaxy that is so bright that it casts a rocket-shaped shadow on the table.
In Pixar animation style, there were no soldiers on the magnificent Great Wall. Instead, a group of robots leisurely basking in the sun next to the beacon towers, and the city wall extended into the distance.
Generating picture: A boy danced a cheerful dance in an empty room, so the originally gray walls were covered with colorful flowers.
Please design a logo: A character is cross-legged and meditating. Because his heart has gained peace, a blooming lotus flower appears above his head, with a minimalist line style.
In his Victoria study, Detective Sherlock Holmes held a magnifying glass and carefully examined an ancient map, the flames in the fireplace reflecting his focused side profile.
An environmentally themed poster shows an anthropomorphic can trying to stretch its arms and throw itself into a distant classified trash can.
A fat orange cat wearing pilot goggles is driving a retro propeller plane made of carrots, shuttling through the clouds in a cartoon animation style.
In the center of the ancient Roman Colosseum, a huge glass hourglass hangs upside down, and the sand inside is slowly flowing down and hitting an ancient sundial.
Please generate a documentary photography style picture: Because it is raining heavily outside, an empty cardboard box on the ground is soaked, but a toy ball next to it is not.
Generating picture: Macro photography, an anthropomorphic white horse chess piece, using both hands to push down the black soldier chess piece in front of it, with a depth of field effect on the background.
An anthropomorphic teacup knight, with a short stature, is bravely standing in front of a huge, yawning orange cat, ready to challenge, the game UI interface.
In Greek mythology, Apollo held a golden harp, while his twin sister Artemis stood beside him with a silver bow and arrow on her back, in a classical oil painting style.
In the ink painting style, a group of chickens and their mother chickens, their feathers are dyed with light yellow ink, are walking in the bamboo forest.
Generating picture: An ancient clock is placed above the fireplace. Realizing that it is walking slowly, it is anxiously swinging the pendulum in an attempt to catch up with time, Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
Draw a sculpture: Three anthropomorphic cubes, frustrated by their inability to stack into a stable tower, lie scattered on the ground, one in front and two behind.
Generating picture: A little girl in a white dress, the corners of her skirt were gently blown by the wind, and a freshly fallen leaf was hanging on it.
A garden installation consisting of two stone heads, one with a happy face, the other with an angry expression and smaller than the former.
A cute panda IP image wearing a bright yellow helmet and blue overalls.
A model wearing futuristic clothing has no zippers or buttons on the clothing, but is connected by light beams. The overall color is silver metal and science fiction style.
A huge metal cube hangs above the desert. Because it absorbs all the light around it, the sand below it presents an unnatural spiral shadow, futuristic style.
On a rainy night in London in the 1920s, a detective found a white feather on a muddy street, so he looked up at the roof of the building. It was cinematic and realistic.
Please design a futuristic library without any paper books, only a glowing data stream floating in the air.
Generating a photographic work: Despite the heavy rain, the street entertainer did not stop playing, but his face was filled with joy of dedication.
A snail was carrying an exquisite blue and white porcelain teapot much larger than its own body as its outer shell, so it could only move very slowly on the lotus leaf.
An explorer stands in front of the Sphinx in Giza, Egypt, with the huge Pyramid of Khufu on his left and a caravan of camel merchants on his right.
Two similar-looking ancient spacecraft face off in the nebula, one of which emits an energy pulse that barely stops in front of the other spacecraft.
In the debris belt of Saturn's rings, Leonardo da Vinci was painting wearing a retro spacesuit. A crystal clear blue planet was suspended in front of his drawing board.
Generating picture: A turtle with a glazed tile roof as a shell is climbing from the lotus leaf in the foreground to the Chinese pavilions in the background.
Please design a Gothic-style library with a clever owl perched in front of huge stained glass windows.
Generated image: Above a huge alien city, a small spacecraft is hitting an energy shield, but the shield does not break.
A little forest girl wearing a mushroom hat is feeding a huge sheep made of clouds with shining stars.
Generating painting: Ukiyo-e style, because the huge red paper lanterns in the sky are lit up, and the lake below it is reflected in a warm orange color.
Generated image: By a stream, there is a brown bear on the left and a black bear on the right. They are all lowering their heads to drink water, and ripples appear on the water surface.
On a planet made of giant doughnuts, on the left is a chocolate volcano and on the right is a candy river. The chocolate volcano is taller than the candy river.
Please draw a picture. Under the Eiffel Tower, a group of penguins wearing top hats are taller than the giraffes wearing top hats next to them, in the Ukiyo-e style.
Generated picture: On the left side of the screen, an anthropomorphic retro robot is bending down and struggling to lift a damaged flying car on the right side of the screen, presenting the overall futuristic wasteland style.
In the interstellar prison, an alien prisoner saw the image of his hometown projected on the wall, so his ferocious face showed a sadder expression than the red light of the monitor behind him.
A magnificent khaki Egyptian pyramid sits in the foreground, behind it is the blue Nile River, and in the distance is the endless desert.
Please create a sculpture: on a black marble base, a crystal clear crystal apple on the left and a brass pear on the right.
A city built of sweets and chocolates, with a river made of orange juice flowing slowly in the center of the city.
In front of a boy stood a rabbit taller than him. Because he was too surprised, the boy did not move, but the bird on his shoulder was flapping its wings excitedly.
A miniature city carved out of crystal has two similar spires, one slightly higher than the other, but there are no trees or vegetation in the city.
Cyberpunk style, inside a huge transparent glass apple, three miniature glowing planets float irregularly in it.
Unsatisfied with the design draft, a tired architect was sitting at a table, kneading the drawings into a ball with his hands. There were many abandoned paper balls scattered under the table.
On the left is the huge malfunctioning robot. As the energy lights go out, the astronauts are standing on their toes and trying to reach the control panel above its head.
At the awards ceremony, the runner-up player stood on the podium much lower than the champion player, but the smile on his face was even brighter than the champion.
On a sunny afternoon, on a neat wooden desk, a pair of hands were writing on an open notebook, next to a cup of steaming coffee and a few pens.
Generating picture: A sad-looking detective stared at a cracked photo frame, lost in thought when he saw similar star-shaped birthmarks on the cheeks of the girl and his own.
Photo generated: Hayao Miyazaki animation style, because it rained heavily deep in the forest, a huge chinchilla held up a wide lotus leaf to block the rain for the little girl hiding from the rain under the tree.
Generating picture: A girl is playing with her shadow, but the shadow does not imitate her movements. Instead, it reaches out and touches the girl's fingers.
Create a painting: Design a suit of clothes for a rock rockery standing in the center of the room. Because you want to express the sense of flow, the clothes are made of translucent blue silk.
An underwater city, huge shells form a gorgeous building, and fish of fish with butterfly wings shuttle among them, dreaming of light and shadow.
In the center of the picture, a plump panda with butterfly wings is eating bamboo. On its left is a dead tree and on its right is a hill.
Generating picture: A huge, abandoned library, sunlight shines through the broken roof, and it happens to fall on an open ancient book. Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
The rusty robot opened its chest. In addition to the used gears, there was also a piece of grass inside, so its single eye lit up.
A fox with fur color like a deep starry sky, and spots on its body are like shining stars. It lies quietly on the moss, with realistic light and shadow like a movie.
A man found a photo in an old book. Because he saw his young self in the photo, his face showed a complicated expression, and his glasses were still on the table.
In the Cyberpunk style, a mysterious energy cube was placed on the table in front of a detective. As the cube was activated, the neon lights of the city behind him instantly dimmed.
Generated image: Five ancient keys are floating above a mysterious treasure chest, and the light they emit is illuminating the keyholes of the treasure chest far away.
Cyberpunk style, a holographic projection of a blue globe, with a metallic drone floating above it. The drone projects a beam of data light downward.
Generated image: A forest made of transparent crystals, with glowing notes hanging on the trees as leaves, and the ground is a land with silver stars flowing.
A young princess and an elderly maid stood side by side, their gorgeous and simple clothes forming a sharp contrast, classical oil paintings.
A fantasy mountain range made of metal. The shape of the peaks is like sharp sword tips pointing straight into the sky. The whole scene is full of a sense of future technology.
An ancient sheepskin scroll map is spread out on the table. There is a glowing compass in the center of the map and a gem-inlaid dagger below the map.
The crystal Egyptian pyramid sits on the grass. In front of it is not a desert, but a sparkling lake.
Generate animation: An anthropomorphic alarm clock much larger than a watch, staring angrily at it because it runs more accurately.
A perfume bottle made of soft wool is placed on a transparent crystal stage in the foreground. The background is in a suspended liquid form, and the entire scene does not have any hard shadows.
In front of the Egyptian pyramids, there is a dilapidated desert SUV parked. Its windows are covered with sand and dust, and an eagle is hovering in the distant sky.
Create a painting: a broken ceramic vase. Although it has been shattered, its fragments are carefully placed to recreate the shadow of a complete vase exactly the same as the original.
An anthropomorphic chess king piece whose crown appears dimmer than its opponent's because it lost the game.
Please draw a picture: Inside the cockpit of a huge robot wreck, two explorers frustrated by their inability to activate the energy core, waste-punk style.
Pixar's animation style has been unvisited for a century. The magnificent library is covered with spider webs. Two similar gargoyle sculptures look down on the books on the ground on the high shelves.
Generated image: A tall robot guard stands next to a thin human boy, the robot is twice as tall as the boy.
A Memphis-style poster, an anthropomorphic cactus, wearing sunglasses, leans against a huge orange geometric block against floating dots and wavy lines in the background.
In a glowing crystal cave, five chubby blue foxes, three chasing each other in the foreground, and the other two napping in the background.
In the cyberpunk-style deep sea, a glowing mechanical jellyfish is no smaller than a whale. It has no biological brain, but is controlled by a central processing unit to swim.
Generate an animated picture: On the windowsill on a rainy day, an anthropomorphic mushroom holds up its mushroom cover as an umbrella for a shivering kitten next to it. The healing style is animation style.
In a bronze sculpture, an old man with a wrinkled face sat quietly and pondered. Because of his infection, the little girl next to him also imitated him and entered a calm state.
Generating picture: An anthropomorphic squirrel is smashing the nut with a stone because it cannot crack open it.
A fox with a tail made up of many clock gears was squatting on the ground, anxiously assembling parts with its claws because it lost its pocket watch.
There are three musicians in the picture. Their bodies, instruments and costumes are all made of glowing glass. They are all immersed in the performance with their eyes closed.
In Cyberpunk style, a bio-modified person stands in the rain. Because he has locked on the target, his mechanical artificial eye is brighter than the surrounding neon billboards.
Generating picture: A bright mushroom grows under a dead tree. Instead of dying, it shines brightly in this barren land.
A medieval knight crossed the streets of Shibuya in modern Tokyo and was shocked to see the Shinkansen train speeding past and drew his sword in Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
In the second-hand bookstore, a white-haired old man stood at the top of a ladder to pick up books. A young man in a school uniform below was looking up and looking at him seriously.
Please generate a picture: a transparent glass vase with a bouquet of bright red roses, an open book is next to the vase, and a blue butterfly is sitting on the page.
A bionic robot dog saw the intrusion alarm on the screen directly in front of it, so it immediately stood up and raised its arms. Behind it was a closed metal hatch.
Please generate a picture: In front of the Egyptian Pyramid, a caravan of camel caravans walked from left to right, raising yellow sand all over the sky and a blood-red sunset on the horizon.
In the living room, a girl jumped excitedly on the new sofa, which looked more vibrant than the collapsed old sofa in the corner.
An astronaut stands in a strange room whose walls, ceiling and floor are all made of the same, slow-flowing nebulous material.
One dress designed for a kitten has a more refined lace on the hem than another dress worn by dogs, and its overall shape is similar to a blooming white lily.
Generated image: A marathon runner crosses the finish line. Due to extreme fatigue, he kneels on his knees on the track, his head down and gasping for breath.
Generating pictures: In the central hall of an abandoned space station, countless glowing mechanical tentacles hang from the ceiling, and strange crystal plants grow on the ground, with a movie feel and a retro science fiction style.
A giant crystal bottle taller than an ordinary house is running with great strides like a human being. The bottle contains a forest composed of glowing mushrooms.
Please design a game concept diagram: a huge steampunk mechanical whale flying over the city, with several small aircraft below it.
A group of mysterious people wearing the same white masks gathered inside a huge, translucent blue cube.
On a cyberpunk-style street, a female warrior wearing futuristic armor was facing off with a humanoid with the exact same appearance. Their faces were equally cold under the neon lights.
Please draw: In the History Museum, among a group of students wearing uniform blue school uniforms, a boy is looking up at the statue of Confucius that is taller than himself because of his yearning for ancient wisdom.
On the left side of the bookshelf, a boy in a plaid shirt was handing a biscuit to the puppy standing at his feet.
A red panda hangs lazily on a branch, its limbs droop naturally, its body is completely relaxed, and it is in a state of deep sleep.
On the grass, there was a fawn nearby and grazing with its head lowered, while another similar fawn in the distance was raising its head warily and looking into the distance.
Please design a poster for a dream concert: a girl with her eyes closed, her hair floating upward like a galaxy, with miniature glowing planets and musical notes floating between her hair.
Wildlife photography shows a small deer standing by the stream. Behind it is not a dense forest, but an open grassland.
On the streets of a future city, a tall robot is lifting a floating car with a robotic arm to clear a channel for pedestrians below.
In the documentary photography style, a rusty iron robot sits on a bench on a street in Paris. It looks up at the bright new billboard next to it, which shows a smiling human being.
In the Cyberpunk style, a huge cleaning robot was programmed incorrectly. Instead of cleaning up the garbage, it lifted a car. The little girl on the roadside opened her mouth in shock.
Generate a retro film-style art photo: An astronaut shed tears excitedly after setting foot on Mars for the first time. The rocks, sand and distant mountains around him are all uniform ochre red.
In a flat illustration style, an astronaut holds a sphere made of many hexagonal metal pieces in his arms, and its surface reflects starlight.
Generating pictures: In a futuristic library, due to knowledge leakage, glowing golden data streams float in the air between the bookshelves, and the scene adopts a steampunk style.
On a white desktop, many building blocks are assembled to look like Egyptian pyramids, each building block has the unique texture of blue and white porcelain.
An astronaut stood quietly on the surface of the moon, his dragon-shaped shadow behind him. The distant earth was suspended in the darkness of space.
Generate a painting: Japanese Ghibli animation style. On the left of the picture is a triangular fat orange cat and on the right is a thin rectangular black cat, they are looking at each other.
Generating image: A funny clay sculpture of a gorilla wearing a spacesuit is awkwardly dancing disco on the lunar surface.
A huge clay-style dinosaur sculpture, because it is afraid of heights, does not stand on the top of the mountain, but squatting at the foot of the mountain and shivering.
In an Art Deco poster, an elegant lady stands in front of the Eiffel Tower, tapping the fan in her hand with her finger. Both the lady and the fan are made of smooth geometric lines and shiny metal.
A poster promoting a music festival shows two similar-looking anthropomorphic speakers standing face to face, as if in a fierce rap duel, with a graffiti wall in the background.
A teapot gentleman made of blue and white porcelain, wearing a brass top hat, was talking to a crystal glass lady next to him.
A woman was sitting in a Paris cafe, holding steaming coffee in her hands, gazing at the Eiffel Tower in the distance through the glass window, in a retro film photography style.
Design an IP scene: Build a mini city on a huge, floating burger in the air, the overall cartoon blind box style.
Generated picture: Hayao Miyazaki animation style, an elephant with butterfly wings is flying lightly in the sky.
In the early morning in the forest, the sun shone through the mist, and the three sika deer and two squirrels all looked up and looked in the same direction warily.
In the pop art style, the Egyptian pharaoh is giving a speech, and behind him is a huge Coca-Cola billboard.
A concert hall built inside a huge ancient tree. The interior space is an organically grown wooden structure. Glowing mushrooms provide lighting like chandeliers, full of fantasy style.
A cyberpunk-style mechanical fox sculpture, its transparent body is filled with blue glowing liquid.
A lifelike life-size gold statue of Egyptian pharaoh Tutankhamun sits solemnly on his throne, holding a scepter and flail, and looks solemn.
Create a picture: an old man and a boy much shorter than him, standing on the top of the mountain, looking up at the huge whale swimming in the sky.
In the conceptual art style, a slow-moving beast larger than a bus absorbs strange radiation and its crystal-like shell reflects starlight, slowly climbing across the abandoned Martian city.
An elf assassin with butterfly wings had a sad expression on his face, but there was not a tear in his eyes. The game character concept design.
Please generate a picture: a personified iron sprinkler kettle, looking guiltily at a basin of sunflowers that have withered due to lack of water.
The cage with the cage door wide open hangs from a branch, a feather is scattered beside it, and an orange cat is licking its paw contentedly.
Please design a young knight whose body is made of translucent glass. He is running lightly on a lava landscape without carrying any weapons.
The advertising product shows a matte vacuum cup steaming, next to it is a transparent plastic cup with condensed air on the wall. The former looks warmer than the latter.
In the sterile cabin of the lunar base, a group of cloned monkeys tilted their heads curiously, and their eyes reflected the distant blue earth outside the window.
An antique grandfather clock curled up in a corner like a cat, next to a few overturned mechanical mice.
On the Great Wall of the future world, there is a giant mechanical wolf composed of metal bones and a transparent shell. In its belly is a running miniature nuclear reactor.
Documentary-style, a rusty Viking tomahawk is stuck in wet coastal rocks, with waves beating against the handle of the axe.
Generate an image: an elderly wolf king standing alone on the edge of a cliff, but there is no fear in its eyes, only majesty.
Please generate a picture: a Mr. Mushroom in a suit, sitting in an open gift box, looking up at a bird flying in the sky, but he didn't reach out to grab it.
A small bear with a frightened expression was holding a dilapidated wooden toy tightly and hiding under the cold metal bed.
Surrealist paintings show huge dandelion seeds floating like hot air balloons above a valley made of twisted clocks, and distant rivers flow upstream.
Design a set of ancient runic stones in the game: A total of five pieces, engraved with glowing mysterious symbols, presenting the overall dark fantasy art style.
On the rainy night streets of a future city where neon lights are flashing, a man in a reflective jacket is staring at a holographic billboard, a movie scene.
A clay-style health management application interface, the calorie consumption progress bar is a snowy mountain gradually melted by the sun, and the sports target is composed of several floating planets.
Under the dome of Notre Dame de Paris, a huge glass apple hangs with its core in an erupting miniature volcano.
A detective stood in front of a messy clue board. He stared at the three black-and-white photos on the board and pointed to one of them, seemingly discovering a key clue.
A huge whale is floating quietly in the universe. Its body is made of transparent glass and contains a sprouting green planet inside.
A pink ceramic piggy bank cracked open in a heartbreak, and next to its empty body lay its last coin on the ground.
Please create a painting: Gothic style, three suspension towers made of obsidian, one of which is longer than the other two combined. Because the huge crystal at the top of the tower is absorbing moonlight, the entire tower is surrounded by flowing energy.
Generating picture: A city is built on the back of a huge flying whale. The wastewater from the city buildings continuously nourishes the whale. The picture is in a Cyberpunk style.
In Jupiter's orbit, three pyramidal space stations of different sizes are working together to pull a miniature white dwarf star as an energy core.
Four women wearing the same traditional costumes stood in front of the Egyptian pyramid, posing in the same pose and smiling.
Generate picture: An e-commerce main picture, in which one hand holds a thumb-sized USB flash drive to show how small the USB flash drive is and the background is concise and clean.
In a surrealist style, an astronaut sculpture made of glass was suspended in the air. Countless glowing stardust were attracted by him and slowly circled around him.
The ancient Greek philosopher Socrates, wearing a simple linen robe and holding a rough clay wine cup, debated with people in the square in a documentary photography style.
In the Mogao Grottoes mural style, a camel caravan moves forward in the desert, each camel carrying a Persian carpet of the same pattern.
Please create: In a fantasy town where raindrops rise from the ground to the sky, residents walk on the streets with inverted umbrellas, using Hayao Miyazaki animation style.
In National Geographic photography style, on the melting Arctic ice floe, a huge polar bear and a vastly different Arctic fox stare sadly at the vast ocean in the distance.
In the classical oil painting style, two children made of glass curiously observed a metal heart floating between them, and the heart was glowing with a glimmer.
An astronaut wearing a silver spacesuit and a silver mechanical dog floated in the capsule and stared at the blue earth outside the window, in a retro science fiction movie style.
Please create a picture: A girl's glass-like hair is floating with miniature golden fish and glowing jellyfish. She is gently touching one of the fish with her hand.
In a hard-science fiction realistic style, two giant mining ships of similar shapes faced each other quietly in the asteroid belt. One ship was scarred and emitting smoke, and the other was intact.
In the alien forest, the glowing lines on an explorer's spacesuit and the spores floating on the giant plant in front of her are flashing at the same frequency, a movie scene full of mystery.
Please generate a picture of a group of huge koi carp swimming through the clouds on the urban skyline in the evening, their scales reflecting the afterglow of the sunset.
On the torch of the Statue of Liberty, a young detective found a feather and immediately turned and pointed to the cruise ship speeding by below.
In the Cyberpunk-style indoor Zen garden, a mechanical panda is carefully touching a glowing holographic lotus with its bamboo arms.
In the Memphis design style, three red balls and five blue cubes float in the air. They chase each other but always maintain a distance.
A young woman with a smile was gently applying a drop of transparent skin care essence on her cheek with her fingertips, with elegant movements.
On the roof of the city late at night, two orange cats of similar size walked one after another. They carefully watched each other's movements, and the atmosphere was delicate.
In the wreckage of the abandoned interstellar warship, a mechanical hound was carefully pulling open the wires with its metal claws, trying to remove the energy blocks buried underneath.
A huge clock made of nebulae and dust hangs deep in the universe, its hands made of flowing light, rotating slowly.
Pixar animation style, a confused anthropomorphic old camera and a confident anthropomorphic mobile phone, both looking at the Oriental Pearl Tower in the distance.
Please draw a concept diagram of the game: a panda terracotta warriors general wearing cyberpunk armor standing side by side with a similar-looking soldier next to him.
A set of exquisite origami art, a fox and several chickens, all folded from orange paper with the same pattern, are displayed on a wooden booth.
Generated picture: Late at night in the study room, a chess game that was knocked over, only half of the letter was written on the table, the windows were wide open, and the curtains fluttered in the wind.
The e-commerce product display picture shows two perfume bottles with similar shapes, one standard pack and one travel pack, displayed side by side on the mirror, with clear reflections.
Generating image: A National Geographic photogram-style photo shows three vultures staring at an exhausted lion not far away by a dry river bed.
Children's book illustration style, a little girl with a surprised expression, a huge stuffed bear next to her and a jumping puppy, both wearing the same blue bow tie.
A typical ancient town in the south of the Yangtze River, houses with white walls and black tiles are built along the river, and a stone arch bridge connects the two sides.
A huge Cybergram stood in the neon city in the rain, holding a miniature Eiffel Tower in his hand, with the texture of a Cyberpunk movie.
A surrealist photo shows the astronaut sitting on the rings of Saturn, using the ring as a slide and sliding down gracefully.
In front of Buckingham Palace, an anthropomorphic teapot wearing a tuxedo gracefully bows to a desk lamp wearing a Victoria gown.
A poster for a retro music festival has an electric guitar in the center of the poster. Its body reflects the dazzling lights of the stage, and the background is a blurred audience figure.
Deep in the Magic Forest, on both sides of a glowing river, two huge crystal trees with similar shapes stand. Their branches are intertwined to form an arch bridge above the river.
Please generate an artistic photo of a metal robot and a metal teddy bear both showing curious expressions, staring together at the glass fish tank on the table.
Generated image: A penguin gentleman in a tuxedo gracefully plays the violin in front of the Egyptian pyramid in a Pixar animation style.
Generate a movie stills: an abandoned forest camp, the bonfire has just been extinguished and is still smoking, but there are no signs of anyone or tents around.
A huge mountain range made up of countless abandoned clocks, the hands on the mountain crawl slowly and irregularly like the limbs of insects.
A steampunk city floating in the air, giant brass gears slowly turning, driving waterfalls down the edge of the city.
On the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco, a terracotta warrior of the Qin Dynasty, whose body is made of transparent crystal, is holding a mobile phone to take a selfie and take a close-up.
Please generate a picture: a steampunk-style mechanical panda sitting on a pile of gears, using its robotic arm to repair a brass clock.
Generating image: Please depict a sad astronaut in Van Gogh's style, with a mini earth smaller than the moon floating next to him.
In a steampunk style, in a crystal music box, an exquisite brass clockwork robot is gracefully dancing ballet surrounded by rotating gears.
Please draw: Steampunk style, a huge city made up of countless brass pipes and precision gears, with a similar but small miniature town model next to the city.
An old lady was sitting in a rocking chair with a woven blanket covering her legs. She was smiling kindly and looking at the snow scenery outside the window.
A tiny hummingbird hovers next to a huge sunflower, for macro photography, the background is blurred and the light is soft.
A living chess queen chess piece was running away in panic with her skirt in hand. A little mouse was chasing after it, trying to bite its wooden base.
There is a clear series of muddy claw prints printed on the white carpet in the living room. A golden retriever is sitting wet at the door, its tail wagging uneasily.
Ancient Egyptian pyramids float above lush undersea coral reefs, huge whales cruise next to the spires, and a Van Gogh-style starry sky background.
On the Bund of Shanghai, a woman wearing a cheongsam leaned against a railing and looked out at the skyscraper on the other side, presenting the overall tone and atmosphere of Wong Kar-wai's film-style.
Design a poster: Memphis design style, with a huge Egyptian pyramid made of matte glass in the center, dotted with small palm trees made of smooth pink plastic.
A leather-gloved hand is carefully assembling a sophisticated mechanical hummingbird, in Cyberpunk style.
A cat wearing a spacesuit is trapped in a glass fish tank. It is curiously watching a flying whale swimming by outside the fish tank.
Generating picture: A steampunk style train rides on suspended tracks above the Colosseum in ancient Rome. Both the train and track are made of brass and gears.
In the style of a medieval clay and gold decoration manuscript, there is a huge legendary creature Basilisk. Every scale on its body shines with a unified golden light.
A man in a suit was standing on a huge floating clock plate. He reached out anxiously and tried to grab the rapidly spinning second hand.
Generated image: A giant wolf made of obsidian runs on the surface of the moon, looking up to avoid a meteor flying into the distance.
A huge bronze tripod stands on the surface of the moon, with exquisite nebula patterns carved on its body, and a small, glowing model of the earth floating next to it.
A majestic male lion lies on the rock, and at its feet lies a shivering antelope, in an Impressionist style.
A woman was sitting by a sun-filled window, holding a mug in her hands, with a satisfied smile on her face, giving a warm and comfortable home atmosphere.
A backpacker stood alone on the edge of a cliff on the top of the mountain. He opened his arms and closed his eyes, feeling the wind blowing from the mountains.
Generate an award-winning wildlife photo: a penguin standing on a glacier in the Antarctic, with the brilliant aurora in the background, and the atmosphere is peaceful and dreamy.
A concise software interface, the cloud disk icon in the middle has a depressed expression, and the upload progress bar below is stuck. Its dark gray color is consistent with the sad emotion of the icon.
Draw a watertown in the south of the Yangtze River in the style of ink painting. Residential buildings with small bridges and flowing water, white walls and black tiles are hidden in the drizzle, and the distant mountains are like Dai.
In the steampunk style futuristic studio, Leonardo da Vinci is installing himself a glowing robotic arm made of precision brass gears.
A humanoid cat in the shape of a terracotta warrior, smaller than the teacup next to it, is squatting on a book like a bird, carefully holding its helmet with one hand.
Please draw: A sad stone puppet is reaching out to catch a falling red leaf, while looking up at a group of birds flying in the sky.
In the vast desert, huge sand dunes take on the shape and texture of ocean waves, and a small team of camels walk on top of the sand dunes.
In the watercolor painting style of a children's picture book, a huge brown bear looks curiously at a little fox. The scratches on its face suggest that they have just had a small argument.
A steampunk style miniature landscape model, in the urban building complex made of brass gears, an exquisite airship is hovering in the air, protected by a glass cover.
A tiny chameleon, in order to disguise itself, has its skin turned into exactly the same gray wrinkled texture as the giant African elephant next to it.
In the sunny kitchen, my mother was smiling and teaching her daughter to knead dough. Their faces and aprons were stained with some flour.
Generated image: An empty bird cage door is opened, a few feathers are scattered at the bottom of the cage, a window next to it is wide open, and curtains are fluttering in the wind.
An octopus wearing a Victoria gentleman's dress and a monocle reads ancient books in a steampunk submarine library.
A woman in a long silk dress stood in front of a huge metal sculpture, her shadow distorted by the sculpture's smooth surface.
Generated image: A mechanical bird stands next to an antique clock, picking up a gear on the clock with its beak. The entire scene is in a clay stop-motion animation style.
An aged explorer stands in front of the pyramids of Egypt, his dusty face showing a tired and contented smile, documentary style.
A woman in an evening dress was running barefoot through the muddy forest. Not far behind her, an expensive red high heel was stuck in the mud.
In an abandoned supermarket, the sun shines through the broken window to illuminate the flying dust. A ragged survivor is carefully loading cans into his backpack, in a realistic style.
A bronze clock sculpture, its hands holding a small wooden bird, and there are no numbers on the clock face.
In the classic black and white movie style, a detective stood on the misty Tower Bridge of London, with his coat collar high and his expression solemn.
In the background of the product advertisement, three bottles of skin care essence are suspended in the air, with two drops of water splashing next to them. The picture is clean, simple, and full of high-level feeling.
A clay sculpture, an astronaut's mask reflects the orange desert landscape of the planet below his feet, and the texture of the mask and the landscape are exactly the same.
In the settlement interface of a gamified shopping APP, a character in the Q version happily jumped to a huge payment button. There is a row of uniformly sized gray setting icons at the bottom of the interface.
A dilapidated ceramic doll was abandoned in a corner, with a weird smile on its face, empty eyes, and a black and white documentary photography style.
In the dormant cabin of the abandoned spacecraft, five frost-covered dormant cabins stood quietly, and the indicator light of one of them flashed red in the darkness.
A metal-like robot is extending its robotic arm and carefully holding up a glowing newborn bud with its exquisite metal fingers.
In the warm and healing picture book style, the flames in the fireplace are burning fiercely. Through the window, you can see that the snowman outside has melted halfway, and a kitten is sleeping peacefully next to the fireplace.
In steampunk style, a Qin Shi Huang made of terracotta warriors is touching a holographic Great Wall made of data streams with his clay fingers.
In the close-up animation, an old chess piece made of wood and a new chess piece made of crystal stand side by side. The crystal chess piece is one circle smaller than the wood piece.
In the ruins of Chernobyl, an elderly one-eyed wolf stared warily ahead. The cub beside it was smaller, with curious eyes and a cinematic close-up.
A minimalist little person is staring at the floating square in front of him, trying to use telepathy to move it into a distant gap.
Create a sculpture: an anthropomorphic rabbit made of polished metal, curled up because it was afraid, but there was no expression of fear on its face. The overall style was minimalist.
A giant alien obelisk made of smooth black rock stands in the red desert, surrounded by tiny, metallic fragments of the detector.
At a fashion show in front of the Egyptian pyramids, models wore uniform ancient Egyptian-style costumes made of linen and gold, showing the mystery of desert civilization.
A rusty robot sat slumped in a corner, its hand reaching for a wall socket, but the power cord was barely accessible, retro film photography style.
Draw a picture of a cyberpunk-style futuristic city with two similar giant obelisks suspended in the air, each inscribed with neon runes resembling ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.
In a city made of cotton candies, the windows of the buildings all have smiling expressions, and they shine in the sun.
A city is sealed in a huge floating crystal. As the crystal energy is lost, the buildings within it begin to become illusory and transparent, in a Disney animation style.
A giant wolf with hair made of nebula and dust is looking up at the broken moon in the night sky. The film picture is full of story and realistic.
Generated image: Restoring Van Gogh's bedroom scene in Arles. There is a similar chair next to the easel. The painter's expression is melancholy and one of his hands hangs feebly. It has a strong realistic oil painting film style.
One hand is clicking on the three round play buttons on the music player interface, which is futuristic in a glass mimicry style.
A buck, its majestic antlers are made of lush cherry blossoms, and pink petals are slowly falling from the antlers.
Generating pictures: In a cartoon picture book style, next to a huge tree in the forest, a small ant is struggling to drag a much larger leaf, with traces of being eaten on the leaf.
A huge mechanical eagle lands on top of a bell tower in an abandoned city, its metal wings reflecting the sunset, in a steampunk art.
Generated image: A ghost model wears an evening dress made of black smoke. As it walks forward, the skirt gradually dissipates into the air.
An Art Deco sculpture, the body of the Statue of Liberty is composed of smooth white marble and shiny gold lines.
Two cats in spacesuits are playing on the surface of the moon with the majestic blue earth behind them, taking on the overall Pixar animated film style.
The game prop design includes a terracotta warriors style clay war drum with lightning runes engraved on the drum surface, and a similar style of battle flag next to it, with storm totem embroidered on the flag.
A little boy looked in surprise at the mini dragon on his shoulder. The little dragon's yawn was bigger than the little boy's fist and looked very comical.
Generate a documentary photography style picture: a Great Wall made of bright stars. It is not on land, but floating in the universe, more magnificent than the real Great Wall.
A man stood in the crown of the Statue of Liberty, holding a statue model smaller than himself in his hand, with the texture of the movie lens.
Generate a picture: a whale's body consists of glowing nebulae and galaxies, swimming in Saturn's rings, with an epic science fiction movie texture.
A huge glass hourglass is suspended in the starry sky, and the sand inside is transforming into countless tiny stars and slowly falling, in a surrealist photography style.
Create a painting: a castle made of flowing lava, more magnificent than the one next to it, condensed from ice, in a steampunk style.
In the steampunk style, a mechanical cat made of precision brass parts is reaching out with its claws and gently twirling the clockwork on its chest.
Please generate a picture: Three emperor penguins standing on a glacier, one of them is fatter than the other two, and they look into the distance together.
A clay sculpture of an anthropomorphic brown bear wearing suspenders and its bear doll, posing in the same akimbo pose and wearing the same smug smile.
In the documentary photography style, in the Egyptian Museum, Tutankhamun's gold mask shines in the spotlight, showing ancient mystery.
The magnificent corner tower of the Forbidden City is built on two huge lotus leaves, floating in the sea of clouds. In the distance is a miniature moon. Art photography.
Generated picture: In the Ukiyo-e style, two Shiba Inu wearing similar kimonos, one is holding its paw on the other's shoulder, and they are looking down together to study a Go board.
Please create an oil painting: In a classic-style study, a gentleman wearing gold-rimmed glasses is stretching out his right hand and gently tapping the needle of a gramophone. The light is dim yellow.
Please generate a cinematic picture: a futuristic robot carefully wiping a glass ball with a robotic hand under the Oriental Pearl Tower in Shanghai.
Cyberpunk poster style, a man is sitting repairing his own robotic arm, but there is no expression on his face, as if he can't feel the pain.
Create a painting: a giant mechanical deer cast of bronze, deep in the forest, its antlers are wrapped with glowing vines.
A panda in the ink-wash style is chewing bamboo. There is no background in the picture, only a flying white effect, which is minimalist.
In a clothing design workshop built on a floating island, the feathered dress placed on the workbench is whiter than the clouds outside the window. The drawings reveal that the dress was designed to adapt to high-altitude flying.
Generating picture: Newton, wearing a classical robe, looked in surprise at an apple floating in front of him. Next to him stood a young man in modern sportswear. The young man was holding three tennis balls in his hands and there were no trees in the background.
A Cleopatra with a cat-like face is gently stroking a black cat with blue eyes. They are all wearing similar gold collars.
A smooth obsidian penguin and a rough white porcelain penguin stood side by side on the crystal ice.
A pop art-style poster shows two Chaplins in similar postures, standing back to back, but without any smiles on their faces, and the background is bright contrasting colors.
In Van Gogh's starry sky style universe, a huge library floats, planets revolve around it like books, but there are no stars in the picture.
Please design a children's room with a huge, anthropomorphic teddy bear sofa lounging. The whole adopts a warm fairy tale style.
An ancient brass compass, its needle is a beating lightning bolt, always pointing to the nearest center of a thunderstorm.
The water pipe on the ceiling of the library burst, and the pouring water was instantly frozen, forming a crystal ice waterfall that sealed a row of bookshelves.
A fantasy forest made of glowing mushrooms, whose umbrellas twinkle like stars in the sky, illuminating the paths in the forest.
On a bench in the park, an experienced old man was smiling, while the young chess player opposite him frowned. His king had been defeated on the chessboard. It was a cinematic photo.
A city suspended above the red gas giant planet. The city is connected by five huge transparent domes. It feels like a science fiction movie.
A broken ceramic piggy bank lies on the wooden floor, with several coins and a small hammer scattered next to it.
A tourist dressed in red stands next to the giant stone claws of the Sphinx in Giza, Egypt, in sharp contrast to the giant's size.
Generating picture: A child stands in front of a huge door, holding a small key in his hand, trying to open the huge lock.
In a Cyberpunk-style Tokyo ramen restaurant, two diners wearing similar reflective jackets are sitting together eating steaming ramen.
Generating animated stills: An anthropomorphic orange cat wearing a Holmes deer hunting hat is on Baker Street in London on a rainy night, holding a magnifying glass and looking for clues with a serious expression.
Please generate a picture: on the table, a melting ice sculpture book, next to it is a clock with two withered leaves on its hands.
A young female teacher dressed in plain clothes was patiently explaining in the classroom, while a naughty male classmate behind her was secretly making faces, creating a sharp contrast.
In the control room of the abandoned space station, two identical cloned foxes looked sadly at the earth outside the window, while the other looked curious, in a Cyberpunk style.
Design an anthropomorphic steampunk clock with hands longer than the pocket watch next to it, waving its arms and directing the cogs to sing.
Huge icebergs were slowly tearing through the hull of the Titanic, splashing ice and metal fragments in the icy water.
The cinematic scene shows a woman in a windbreaker staring at the Eiffel Tower in Paris in the distance in the rain, her eyes showing complex emotions.
A floating castle made of crystals is slowly rotating, and a little owl is circling around it. As it senses visitors, the castle's suspension bridge begins to be lowered automatically, ready to welcome it.
In a Baroque oil painting, a giant whale made of crystal floats in the air, its transparent body containing a starry galaxy.
The three pandas with cute expressions, all dressed in astronaut costumes, stood on the surface of Mars in a trendy handmade style.
Generating a picture: Create a watercolor painting style work. The center of the picture is a peaceful lake. There are five deer drinking water on the bank. In the distance are stacked forests.
A white deer wearing a Galactic Cloak, its antlers made of ice crystals, was standing quietly in the depths of the glowing magic forest.
Please draw: A huge, prickly cactus teapot, crying sadly because the small teacup next to it is empty.
Two fox sculptures made of crystal, both of them and a similar sculpture next to them, were shattered because a real squirrel was jumping over them.
Please design a new Chinese-style study. It is raining outside the window. There is a mahogany desk in the room. There are two brushes on the desk and an open oilpaper umbrella leaning against the door.
A young detective wearing a fox mask stood beside him with two cats with the same fur color as his hair color. He was not carrying any weapons and was squatting down to observe the ground.
Please create a surrealist painting: an astronaut's helmet is filled with swimming small fish, and the bubbles they spit out turn into twinkling stars.
A detective wearing a spacesuit, not a human face but a starry sky in his helmet. He held a magnifying glass in his hand, but no lenses.
In the Art Deco style, an anthropomorphic ground-to-ground clock stands in front of the arched window, its outline similar to the window, gazing at the moon outside the window.
In C4D style, a Shiba Inu wearing futuristic headphones is completely immersed in music and turns a blind eye to the snacks in front of it. The picture is clean and textured.
Please generate a Nordic minimalist style children's room design. There are no lights on in the room, but the light is bright. A boy is looking through the floor-to-ceiling windows at a puppy chasing butterflies in the yard.
In the messy studio, a spilled bottle of ink flowed from the table to the floor, and a series of small black footprints stretched from the ink pool to under the bookshelf.
A meditative and calm panda monk hangs in mid-air as an anxious squirrel buries its nuts below.
In the shattered mirror world, there are two people made of colored candies, their hair is like fluttering cotton candies, and their postures are different.
A huge apple fell from the tree and hit a little hedgehog on the back. It shrank into a ball in pain.
A data Kanban software interface uses a clean flat design style and displays brightly colored charts.
Please design a character for the game: an ancient alchemist who had just turned an ordinary stone into gold and was weighing the heavy metal with his hands.
In a giant glass greenhouse in abandoned Cybercity, a robotic police dog is trying to pick up a glowing plant with its mouth, but the surrounding plants have withered.
A miniature astronaut with a surprised expression, his helmet was a huge transparent glass fish tank, and he was floating and looking at a small fish swimming outside the tank.
Generating picture: In the red desert of Mars, there are two cloned saber-toothed tigers. One of them is obviously half the size of the other. They are looking around warily.
In the abandoned amusement park, under the huge rusty Ferris wheel, a small teddy bear sits alone on the ground. Its body is covered with rain and mud, in a realistic style.
Generating a picture: a golden retriever sitting next to a torn sofa, cotton wool on its nose, looking at the camera innocently, in a movie-level realistic style.
Please generate a realistic photo of an astronaut conducting a scientific expedition on Mars. He looked surprised because the rocks in front of him were engraved with ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs.
An oil painting in a glass frame shows a polar bear standing on a green grass without any ice and snow around it, making it seem out of place.
Generating picture: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a huge anthropomorphic hamster is trying to push a piece of cheese in the style of classic Disney animation.
Generating picture: A tea ceremony master personified by an old gramophone, wearing a trumpet and bamboo hat, is carefully using a tea bowl to pick up falling cherry blossoms, in the Ukiyo-e style.
In the evening, next to the warm fireplace, there is an open book and a cup of steaming coffee on a comfortable sofa. Outside the window is a peaceful snow scene, and the overall illustration style is warm and healing.
An astronaut wearing a spacesuit made of liquid metal welcomes cosmic rays with open arms on an alien planet covered with crystal flowers.
In the Memphis-style living room, a bookshelf made of geometric color blocks has a space on it, and a book of the same size sits on the floor next to it.
On a dark wooden table, a leather notebook, a brass pen and a pair of metal-rimmed glasses are neatly placed, all of which have a strong retro atmosphere.
A bronze statue of Newton sits under an apple tree, staring at an apple on the ground, with three apples in the basket next to him.
In the Ukiyo-e style, a pair of twin sisters wearing the same kimono danced gracefully under the cherry blossom tree, with the same movements.
An anthropomorphic fox blacksmith handed a freshly quenched sword to a badger with a tired face. Its face was full of surprise.
A transparent glass bottle contains a miniature ocean scene, in which the coral reef is made up of many colorful buttons.
Steampunk style, with a sophisticated brass teapot and a toothed cup on the table, and a clock-driven metal bird parked next to it, the whole is full of a Victoria industrial feel.
A terracotta warriors wearing a doctor's hat and pondering, with a flat vector icon style, used as the logo of an educational app.
In the hangar of a giant interstellar warship that crashed, there is a bustling market made of abandoned parts. Neon signs are flashing on two huge engine wrecks, in a Cyberpunk style.
A futuristic city made of transparent glass, with crystal clear skyscrapers, and glass aircraft suspended above the streets.
Inside the ancient Roman Colosseum, sunlight cast a beam of light from the broken dome, illuminating the empty sand, making it epic.
A larger-than-life marble statue of Socrates, alongside a life-size statue of his pupil Plato, and an owl preening Socrates 'shoulders.
Please draw a picture of a fox made of exquisite blue and white porcelain, sitting gracefully at the top of an Egyptian pyramid. The picture is surrealist.
Generate a picture of a robot looking at Mars in the distance in front of a Cyberpunk-style Egyptian pyramid, but there are no plants in the scene.
A semi-mechanically modified cat squatted on the ruins, its eyes projecting a holographic image, the structure of the image resembled a complex spider web that covered the entire city.
A fantasy underground cave with stalactites hanging from the roof, shaped like a frozen, upside-down Gothic city.
Please draw: An astronaut's image is projected inside a huge transparent glass cube with a deep cosmic starry sky in the background. The picture is in a science fiction illustration style.
Create a picture: an open window, the curtains blown by the wind, the ground outside the window is wet, but the sky has cleared and a rainbow appears.
Generating picture: A fox wearing a detective windbreaker is using a magnifying glass to observe a series of footprints on the ground. The shape of the footprints is exactly the same as the carrot-shaped tie it wears.
A steep mountain peak surrounded by clouds and mist, its outline looks like the side face of a giant in meditation in the sunset. The picture is full of tranquility and oil painting texture.
On the abandoned street of Paris, a fox is lowering his head to drink stagnant water. The water reflects the afterimages of the Eiffel Tower in the distance and flashing neon lights, in a cyberpunk style.
A girl reached out with her hands and carefully held a small glowing nebula made of water. The nebula looked like a blooming rose.
In the cinematic light, a corgi in a spacesuit was staring out the window in a transparent cockpit. There were no planets behind it.
In Rome, Italy, next to the majestic ruins of the ancient Roman Colosseum, many small Fiat cars shuttle through a street.
Create a painting: a fox with a peacock feather tail is proudly opening its screen in the clearing. The picture is in the Japanese Ukiyo-e style.
Photo generated: A young woman sits in an old train carriage, her hand caressing the steamy window glass.
Floating on the ocean made of clouds are seven huge cities carved of crystal, connected by rainbow bridges.
A melting Newton ice sculpture, he was sitting under an apple tree and thinking. An apple was crashing to the top of his head, and his expression changed from calm to astonishment.
There is a crystal clear crystal Rubik's Cube with a smaller wooden sphere next to it. The surface of the sphere is also engraved with cutting facets similar to the Rubik's Cube.
In steampunk style, a mechanical owl whose feathers are made of sophisticated brass gears and clockwork is perched on a roof of the Victoria era.
The two astronauts stood on the surface of the moon, their helmets reflecting the blue Earth in the distance, using a documentary photography style.
In the Japanese animation style, a frustrated teenager looked at himself. One arm was a brand new high-tech robotic arm, while the other hand was wrapped in a thick bandage, creating a sharp contrast.
Please draw a picture of a detective in a secret room, extrapolating the real time in the room based on the clock shadow reflected on the wall, in an animated style.
An exquisite clay model reproduces the grandeur of the ancient Roman Colosseum, where gladiators and lions confront each other.
A close-up photo shows a clever crow throwing a gray stone into a transparent glass bottle half full of water, causing the water to rise slightly and the background is a blurred courtyard.
The peak of a snowy mountain stands in front of the rising sun, and the overall appearance is a circular logo in a minimalist flat style.
Generated image: After the heavy rain, everything on the street, including street lights, benches and garbage cans, is reflected in the stagnant water, forming a symmetrical mirror image.
Please design a fashion set that blends Cleopatra's classic look with cyberpunk style and features glowing Eye of Horus jewelry.
Design a dress with a huge skirt that completely contains the pattern of an entire galaxy. The characteristics of nebulae and planets perfectly integrate into the overall style of the dress.
The logo design of an eagle, its wings and body are made of sharp black triangles, and the overall artistic style of geometric lines.
A miniature garden scene in the style of clay animation, with three abstract stone sculptures of different shapes, surrounded by miniature trees.
In Cyberpunk style, over a city made of abandoned spacecraft wreckage and huge chips, a dense swarm of drones formed a huge and indifferent human face.
A rusty steam train parked on abandoned tracks, shrouded in thick fog, its headlights dimly lit, suspense movie style.
Please generate a picture: a huge astronaut made of glass and nebulae, sitting quietly on the rings of Saturn, overall in a surrealist style.
A nature-themed poster shows a fox carved out of polished wood in the center, curled up on a rock covered with green moss, sleeping in the warm sun.
Above the forest at night, a huge phoenix is formed by countless tiny butterflies. The phoenix's wings take on the shape of flames.
A food delivery drone crashed on the lawn. A golden retriever next to it was holding the drone's falling propeller in its mouth. The drone was not flying.
The character design of the game shows an anthropomorphic owl judge wearing a Victoria-style robe, one paw is solemnly knocking down the mallet, and his eyes are sharp in front.
Cyberpunk style, a chimpanzee wearing a spacesuit plants a flag in the barren land of Mars imitating Neil Armstrong's pose.
In the hollow of the broken arms of an ancient terracotta warriors and terracotta warriors, a sparrow has built a nest and is feeding hungry chicks waiting to be fed. The terracotta warriors have a solemn expression and the chicks are lively.
A mechanical elephant made of bronze and gears is walking in the ancient Roman Colosseum, lifting dust under its feet, presenting the overall steampunk art.
Please generate: A huge hourglass made of glass is leaking stars. The stars below are piled up and sprouting into a crystal forest.
Please design a poster: On the chess board, the white king is about to die and the black king. Both pieces have anthropomorphic exaggerated expressions, one proud and the other shocked.
Above the Egyptian Pyramids, a huge jellyfish-like alien creature is slowly floating, its transparent body reflecting the golden light of the desert.
After the heavy rain, on the wet street, a pool of stagnant water was shaped like the remaining dark clouds in the sky. A stray dog was sniffing the ground past the stagnant water.
A clever fox spotted a trap. Instead of approaching it, it carefully triggered the trap with a long branch, Pixar animated style.
In a windowless stone tower, a lonely sunflower is facing a blank wall, showing a satisfied expression.
Create a sculpture: two similar-looking clay cats, curled up and chasing each other's tails.
Please generate an image: an astronaut discovers that his tears have turned into floating crystals in weightlessness. He watches in surprise as these crystals reflect his hometown Earth.
Inside a candy house in a fantasy world, the walls are made of biscuits and the furniture is made of chocolate, but there are no sharp corners in the room.
A small man dressed in an explorer's costume stood on a huge open book. Inside the book was a huge forest of words.
In the cartoon scene, two brown bears with similar shapes are sharing a jar of honey. They have no other friends around them.
An astronaut missed the door of the re-entry capsule. He was stretching out his arm desperately to grab the blue planet badge that was drifting into dark space.
The detective stared at the dry water stains on the floor and a fresh rose next to it. The vase fragments next to it were covered with dust, making it cinematic.
Generating picture: A polar bear stands on a melting glacier, looking sadly at the empty sea in the distance. Please present this scene in a documentary photography style.
Please generate a picture of an anthropomorphic koala wearing a spacesuit teaching a rabbit to learn anti-gravity skateboarding on the moon. The picture is in Pixar animation style.
Generated image: An anthropomorphic phoenix composed entirely of transparent glass and colored gemstones, with the bones and veins inside the body clearly visible.
In Cyberpunk style, a floating metal cube is larger than the surrounding skyscrapers, and its surface has no seams or openings.
An antique brass teapot had a sad face carved on the spout, and hot tears were flowing from its eyes, which turned into steam in the air.
Please generate a picture: A clear glass bottle contains a golden amulet of an ancient Egyptian scarab, placed on a piece of papyrus, presenting a C4D rendering style.
In the sci-fi realistic style, a mechanical heart cast from ancient bronze hangs in the air. There is no rust on its surface, but blue arcs are beating inside.
In a Ukiyo-e-style painting, an elegant geisha holding an oil-paper umbrella walks in the cherry blossom alleys of the ancient capital of Kyoto, looking calm.
A city made of huge ice cubes is slowly melting, and the melted water gathers into waterfalls, flows upstream, and re-freezes into new buildings.
Generating picture: In the cozy children's room, a building block robot is sitting on a soft carpet. One of its hands is raised and gently touches the toy castle in front of it. The picture is in a soft clay animation style.
Generating images: Draw three magic books floating in the air. They are composed of stars and nebulae, and the overall scenery is fantasy illustration style.
In a steampunk library, a brass owl professor wearing a monocle explains the astrolabe to a mechanical rabbit student wearing a Victoria school uniform.
Please draw a picture: An abandoned lighthouse stands alone on the edge of a cliff, the lights at the top of the tower have been extinguished, and the waves are beating violently against the reef below.
A desert made up of huge clusters of glowing crystals, two moons floating in the sky, and a glass mountain range in the distance, in the style of a science fiction movie poster.
Einstein was speeding through the countryside on a bicycle. A modern sports car roared past him at a significantly faster speed. His trademark messy white hair was exactly the same shape as the clouds above him.
A man stands inside a huge model of the Eiffel Tower with the real Eiffel Tower in the background, portrait taken.
A forest made of crystals. Sunlight penetrates through the trees but casts opaque black shadows on the ground. There are no other light sources in the forest.
Under the clear sky, a man was wearing a soaked coat, and a collected umbrella was placed on the ground next to him, in a documentary photography style.
In the classical oil painting style, scientist Newton sat under the apple tree, holding a bite of the apple in his hand and immersed in thought. The draft paper next to him was filled with complex mathematical formulas.
Create a painting: an open antique music box with a miniature snow landscape of Mount Fuji, the entire painting is in the Japanese Ukiyo-e style.
In the steampunk style, a mechanical fox in a vest walks gracefully like a cat on the cogged street, its tail swaying gently.
A mountain peak with a fluffy cat-like texture. The trees on the mountain look like fish bones and are surreal.
A fashionably dressed young woman was smiling while holding up a cup of brightly colored juice in front of a pop art-style background wall.
Please create a Baroque bronze sculpture depicting the moment when Joan of Arc grew eagle wings and was about to fly high.
Please generate a picture of an astronaut otter floating in space, wearing Van Gogh's starry gloves, trying to grab a Saturn-shaped lollipop.
A white pawn piece, carrying a huge backpack, was struggling to climb the steep mountain peak made of black chess pieces.
In watercolor illustration style, a squirrel nests in a hollow cuckoo clock hanging from a tree as it pushes a wooden bird out of the doorway.
On a huge library shelf, an anthropomorphic encyclopedia opens itself, the pages containing a miniature universe of nebulae and planets.
A woman was trapped in a floating transparent crystal ball. Her hands were pushing hard against the wall of the ball. A glowing tentacle was wrapping around the crystal ball, but there was no fear on her face.
A personified ceramic rabbit was watering a withered plant. The kettle in its hand did not leak, but the rabbit itself was full of cracks.
Please draw a picture. The Great Wall suspended in the sky is made of transparent glass. Colorful stars flow on the wall and are surrounded by several asteroids.
A tin soldier stood on a high bookshelf and looked worriedly at the broken ceramic doll on the ground below.
Generating painting: A sleepy Leaning Tower of Pisa yawns under the Van Gogh starry sky and looks sleepy.
Create a picture of an adventurer wearing goggles reaching out to touch a giant metallic mushroom glowing in the ruins of a steampunk style city.
A surrealist-style clay sculpture shows a huge snail carrying a shell and a timid kitten sticking its head out of the window of the snail shell.
At the Shibuya Crossing in Tokyo, a loyal Akita dog stands next to the statue of Hachiko, gazing at the crowd with anticipation, making the scene feel like a movie.
In an ancient Beijing courtyard house, on a stone table in the center of the courtyard, there is a bonsai made of blue and white porcelain and precision gears, in a steampunk style.
In a sunny backyard orchard, a tall, thin man was holding up a short, stocky child to pick the red apple on the tree, which was bigger than other green apples.
A young ranger wearing a hood was followed by three red pandas. The red pandas were rolling and playing on the ground.
A flat-style logo shows a bear picking up a key-shaped fish with its claws. It is looking at the treasure chest on the shore.
A marble sculpture of Venus with a broken arm, with slight traces of weathering on the surface, elegant posture, classically style, and illuminated by the soft lights of the museum.
A kitten, with white cream on its lips, was quietly looking at a corner of the cake that had been stolen on the table.
In the spotless kitchen, a man in a white chef's uniform was looking at a drop of blood on his chest in confusion. His hands were clean and flawless. Close-up.
A terracotta warrior made of clay, with no cracks on its body, gave a thumbs up in front of it, and carried a huge bronze wheel shaped like the sun on its back.
A knight wearing bark armor is trapped in a huge piece of amber, dark fantasy art.
A huge transparent crystal suspended in a cosmic nebula, enclosing a vibrant and shimmering ancient forest.
Image generated: A whale skeleton made of transparent glass. Nebula flows inside the skeleton. Due to energy overload, the surface of the skeleton is cracking and starlight is overflowing.
In the steampunk style, an owl wearing brass goggles has a microchip that does not belong to this era falling from its wings.
A white cat was squatting on the windowsill and curiously stared at a blue butterfly flying by outside the window.
Generating a picture: an archaeologist stretches out his finger, and the broken fragments of ancient pottery pots in front of him float and begin to reorganize, implying that he is tracing history through his supernatural powers, with cinematic texture and realistic style.
In a warm and healing illustration style, a fat black and white cat was lying lazily. It did not attempt to attack the blue parrot on the wooden table next to it.
Please generate a concept map of the game scene: a huge whale skeleton fossil spans the bottomless canyon, forming a natural bridge, and the overall fantasy epic style.
Surrealist photography shows a ripe apple floating above Newton's head but not falling due to gravity, with a blurred English garden in the background.
Please generate a snap-style photo: a child is running on the grass in the park. He does not look at the camera. His face is filled with an innocent smile and the background is blurred green trees.
Generating picture: A white porcelain plate contains a strawberry cake, but there are no strawberries on the cake, and a silver fork is placed next to the plate. The picture is in a bright food photography style.
A magnificent stone bridge spans the dry river bed. There is no water under the bridge, only weathered rocks and withered weeds.
Late at the museum, an activated ancient tree root suddenly smashed the glass display cabinet and tightly wrapped around the heart-shaped gem in the cabinet that gave off an ominous red light, making the scene feel like a movie.
A black-and-white photo full of cinematic feel, two dancers danced gracefully on the empty street, stretching their posture.
Generated image: In front of the Egyptian pyramid, a giraffe and an elephant, both wearing pharaoh headdresses, look into the distance.
In the cinematic picture, a huge metal safe was opened and the man stared at the tiny silk bag inside.
Generating picture: A huge anthropomorphic burger, with its hands on its hips, looks contemptuously at a tiny French fry in front of it.
Generated image: In the Future Laboratory, a researcher is touching two similar alien devices on the table with his gloved left hand, one of which is significantly more complex in structure than the other.
In anime style, under the Tower of Paris, a girl wearing a raincoat dances in the rain, but she does not hold an umbrella.
An art installation, all the furniture in the room, including tables, chairs and lights, dripped down like melted ice cream.
The weather forecast interface of a travel APP has a background of the Eiffel Tower in Paris in the rain. The interface style is simple and modern.
Please draw: A kangaroo mailman is trying to put a square package into a pouch, looking confused.
Please draw a picture of a girl trapped in a huge, transparent crystal ball. She is touching the wall of the ball with her hand. Outside the ball is a starry sky.
A lonely robot stared out through the round porthole of the spacecraft. Outside the window was a gorgeous nebula, and the window reflected the empty cabin behind him.
Outside the Mars base, several rover vehicles are stationary, their robotic arms are not working, as if waiting for a return order that will never come.
Generating picture: Late at night in the interrogation room, a tired police officer sits in front of the suspect, but the suspect has no expression on his face and does not say a word.
